Two guys walk into a bar. The third guy ducks.
Why was the musician arrested? He got in treble.
How do you spell Canda? C,eh,N,eh,D,eh
What do you call a potato in space? Spudnik
How to get a cop's attention
What happens to a necrophiliac after death? Reserection
Ted Cruz getting elected.
What's Al-Qaeda's favorite American football team? The New York jets.
What's black, blue and doesn't look too well? Stevie Wonder
What do grandparents smell like? "Depends"
Wanna hear a pun about long hair? Rapunzel.
"Update the Force, young Skywalker" Said Adobe Wan Kenobi.
What do you call a blonde in a BMW? Optional.
In China the labels read, "Made by someone you know."
You could be a "Before" model.
What's the best part of a pregnancy joke? The delivery.
What is your best "Yo mama" joke?
Do it tomorrow. You have made enough mistakes for today.
Why did the Mexican take his Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
How do they calculate global warming? Al-gore-ythms
What do gays and melons have in common? cantaloupe...
You're shoes are untied! April fools! Got ya!!
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
What's a snakes favourite dance ? The mamba !
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off!
Why is Chapstick so popular? Cause it's the balm baby!
What's a sluts favourite drink? 7 Up in Cider
"You're a unit of power Joe." "I'm a Watt?"
My bank account status is more scary than the Conjuring!
After the Thanksgiving dinner, everyone says (-1)/8
FOR SALE: Faulty Guitar. No strings attached.
Where do drinks go on vacation? Coaster Rica
What did nazi pilots eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles
Ethiopian Cuisine... is a bit bland. It tastes like nothing.
A guy walks into a bar... Ouch.
An irishman walks out of a bar...
What is a bear's favourite drink ?  Koka-Koala !
What is the favorite food joint of dubstep makers? Sub-WUB-WUB-WUB-way
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Luke warm
What's an STD's favorite kind of pizza? Heperoni
What do you call a grammatically incorrect horse? An horse.
The Grapes of Wrath 2: The Raisins of Revenge
"You know what." -- They.
Why was pregnant Cinderella late to the ball? Miscarriage
*watching Dateline* wow this is the worst dating show ever
Where do you find an enlightened mosquito? In Bhuddapest
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately.
How do skeletons reproduce? They bone.
How do you make an Amish woman happy? Three Men-A-Night
Letsh Have Shex! -Horny Sean Connery
Thankful that Five-Fingered Shoes company doesn't make pants.
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
Heading to Chinatown after work... I heard it's Erection Day.
Redditors don't like this [Deleted]
"It's 5 o'clock somewhere." - a shitty watch.
If your'e anxious and you know it..... ...clasp your hands.
its macaroni and cheese not macaroni and steve
What do you call a relaxed redneck? A chillbilly.
Osama Bn Laden Jokes in the title.
The best joke you'll never hear
I wonder if a ghost has ever watched me masturbate.
What's a con-artists favorite holiday? Scamentine's Day.
Stealing mosquito repellent... Jacking Off!
What do you call a small, noisy dog? A subwoofer.
September is Alzheimer's Awareness month... remind me tomorrow.
Islam is a race. Because it's inbreeds fucking each other.
Political Joke The Economy
What's a lumberjack's favorite director? TimBuuurrrrrrrton
What do golfers do on nights out? **par**ty.
How does an Australian clean is bum? Bidet, mate.
Why are mountains so funny? Because they are hill-areas
I have a pen..... I have a apple :D
Nothing good has ever gone into a microwave at 3:00am.
What does a sheep in denial say? Nahhhh
Which nut could pimp the Prince of Darkness? Mack-a-Dameon.
If you find yourself in a hole. Stop digging.
What was Hitler's last two words? Oy Vey!
I had a blind date once, her name was ..::..::.:::::...:::::
My life That's the joke.
Sometimes the smartest thing you can do, is play stupid.
'I want to see other kids.' ~Me, parenting.
They have arrived - Hia Dei Kum
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef stroganoff.
What do you call little kids in Belgium? Brusselsprouts
Sex makes your day, but anal makes you hole weak..
PSA: If you've got an Islamic dog... Muslim
Broken pencils... ...are pointless.
What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? Comet! =D
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Communism jokes are not funny Unless everyone gets them
Dear Religion, Pics or it didn't happen. Love, Science
Ropin' and Ranchin' by Larry Yett
What is Moby Dicks dad's name? Poppa Boner
Who does the Metric Cult worship? ...Demetre.
What do black men find most shocking about sex? Tazers
Impotence: Nature's way of saying, "No hard feelings"
Prostitutes hate trick-or-treaters.
The definition of spin
Thought I could safely force a fart... But it backfired.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
What is Jeb Bush's campaign slogan? Third time's the charm
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit the frog's finger
What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless.
FREE $1,000,000,000 IDEA: a Tumblr-type platform for list-making called Schindlr
My favorite kind of math is adding insult to injury.
How do you disappoint a Redditor? [removed]
I'm a terrible singer, I have two left throats
The Donner Party Diet Breakfast: Jacks Lunch: Franks Dinner: Patties
What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless!
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard!
What do you call a dumb elephant? Donald Trunk
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
What do you use to cut the ocean? A  seasaw
The only thing better than sarcasm... is irony.
What job do rabbits at hotels have?  Bellhop.
Velcro. What a rip off!
What's a minister's favorite food? Tacos al pastor
Fruit and urinal give a bad name to cakes everywhere.
Two guys walk into a bar.. The third guy ducked.
What do you call children born of ginger people? Ginger-bred
Imagine me naked. Wrong. Fatter.
ADHD is ADD in high definition.
What is a name for a female lawyer? Sue
I have a split personality No he doesn't
What do people call their grandmother in India? Naana
I don't trust stairs They're always up to something...
Twitter is working worse than a dollar store pregnancy test.
What's Miley Cyrus eating for Thanksgiving.. Twerky!
Prison counts as a gated community, right?
A blind dude walks into a bar. Ouch.
I like cheese more than I like most people.
What kind of cheese is made backwards? Edam.
What's the difference between Iceland and Ireland? A consonant.
What do toads drink ? Croaka-cola !
This mallard waddled into a bar... Should've ducked.
What is the Pope's favorite type of woman? Nun
can't now.. having an heated argument with my toaster.
Wanna heare a joke about potassium? K
Knock knock..Who's there?..Interrupting coefficient of friction.. The interrupting coeff--- MU!
I just got back from r/Synesthesia It tasted great!
Colonel Mustard. In the kitchen. Eating soup. Calm down.
Harry is a? Fucking WIZARD!
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies!
What do vegetables watch when they're horny? Corn
Why kind of cigarettes do Hawaiians smoke? Mahalo bro lights.
I only date right handed women... Righty tighty, lefty loosey
What do you feed a disappearing cat? Evaporated milk
So, this baby seal walks into a club... [o(;_;)o](http://youtu.be/TK2TuqcNWPY?t=30s)
How much does a corpse weigh? A skele-ton
Whats long, green, and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
TOP TEN REASONS WHY BEER IS BETTER THAN RELIGION
I am sick and tired of women jokes!! period!
My weather forecast is always "room temperature."
What do you call a tight asshole? a noose
Insomnia causes questionable browser history.
Why did the noodles go to rehab? To get yakisoba.
I have a Victoria's Secret model's body!! (in my basement)
What do you call a slutty camera? A loose Canon.
Animals that lose their tails visit the retail store.
whats the secret service of Australia called? M8
What does a pirate call his idiot son? A retarrrrrd
I wonder if Asian people put smileys like this )
CNN: We're not sure but we'll report it anyway.
You smell like trash..... Can I take you out?
What Cell Phone Company does Usain Bolt use? Sprint
In god we trust Everyone else must pay cash
What kind of computer can sing? A Dell.
What's the key to long lasting Relationships? Not breaking up
What do you call a nomadic caveman? A meanderthal.
"I had the worst Cruise ever." - Katie Holmes
Even reddit goes down more often... than my girlfriend.
Urban Outfitters: the most expensive way to look poor.
Bet I could breathe more air than you, bro
What kind of pizzas can tell the future? Medium Pizzas
If looks could kill, I'd still use a baseball bat.
Tried to take a photograph of some fog Mist
If you don't pay your exorcist You get repossessed
Football is like Sex your mom sucks at both
What cars do wolves drive? Auuuuuuuuuuuuudis!
South Africa
4 out of 5 dentists agree: kill a lion.
What do you call rude fungi? Shiit-talking mushrooms
Why do melons have traditional marriages? Because they cantaloupe
What's the Boogeyman's part-time job? BoogeyNAN!
What is the longest word in the feminist dictionary? Antidickstablishmentarianism.
What do you call a powerful, asshole-ish potato? A dick-tater.
What do sea monsters eat for lunch? Fish and ships.
What do you call a dumb nerd? A geek.
Whats the number one reason for Pedophilia? Sexy children.
Why does 71 like 68? Because 68 69 70.
It must be Monday somewhere.
Tom Cruise Jokes, Anyone?
How do mathematicians count x-men? Permutations.
*Sneaks into men's toilets* I HEAR THERE'S CAKE IN HERE
What do you call a handful of gravel A palm-o-granite!
What is the dumbest animal? An ignoraMOOSE
Energizer Bunny arrested: Charged with battery
This generation sucks but does it swallow
What type of train gets fat? A chew chew train...
What do dyslexic Koreans eat? Gods
What is Red and Smells like Blue Paint? Red Paint
Today i made a mistake while sewing. Oops, wrong thread.
What does FIAT stand for? Fix It Again Tony
I went to Oklahoma recently ,It was pretty ok
Why do Native Americans wear jock straps? TOTEM POLE
What's Hitlers favorite Pokemon? NEIN-Tails.
What kind of doctor fixes broken websites? A URLologist.
How do like really laid-back types answer the phone? Mellow.
Wanna meet Santa's little helper?
Mary had a little lamb. ...and she was delicious!
technically speaking being gay used to make me happy
Why are toblerones triangular prisms To fit in the box
JOHN AND MARY'S SEX DISCOVERY
"C'mon, your relationship isn't *that* serious." - Las Vegas
What do you call a gay rubber band? An elasstickle
Knock knock. Who's there? Bob. Bob who? Bob Jones.
I ate everything, including the H.
Q: What is a 'forum'? A: Two-um plus two-um.
What do you call a trespassing camper? Criminal intent
What do you call a sad terrorist? A crisis
What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.
How much pussy does a Monk get? Nun
What kind of robbery is not dangerous? A safe robbery.
My phone got arrested today... It was charged with battery.
What word becomes shorter when you add two letters? Short.
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint
What's Scrooge's favourite food? A humbug'er.
What do you call a queue of boxers? A punchline.
What beer does Sean Connery drink? Grols
If Tom Brady joined Nickelback... They'd become 30 cents.
What game do old black people play? Blingo!
A boycott is just a smaller version of a manbed.
All things in moderation. Unless no one's looking.
What's brown and sticky? Anal.
I weighed myself today, then I ate the scale.
The difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
Patron: This bread is stale. Waiter: It wasn't last week.
I bought some vinyl cleaner, just for the record.
What's a toads favourite sweet ? Lollihops !
How do you make rape funny? You force it
What so you call a religious dinosaur? A prayeradactyl.
Dude... I was there, don't try to change the story.
How does Satan measure his mass? In pentagrams.
I call my girlfriend Dumbledore. She's a head master.
During fireworks is the best time to shoot someone.
What do u call a greedy lesbian? Bush hog.
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon ? *...Tennish...*
If you're reading this.. then you are not Floyd Mayweather.
How I reacted to the Fine Bros controversy... [deleted]
A battery's life sucks. You're either working or you're dead.
What do you call a body builder? Jim.
Forget hydrogen, you're my number one element.
Read more Ant jokes
Why are seals such homebodies? Because clubbing isn't any fun.
I have one trophy on reddit. Dust
Short people are oppressed They're always getting overlooked.
Hey Reddit, What are your favorite jokes?
Who Wears The Old Clothes Of Angela Merkel? Angela Merkel.
"I see people." - The Fifth Sense
If life gives you melons, You might be dyslexic!
They're upping my charges from prank bomb to non-Arab terrorism.
Why was the snowman smiling? He saw the snowblower coming
How does a police officer go to the bathroom? Ctrl+C
Why was the programmer lonely? Off-by-one error. :(
I disagree, but I respect your right to be stupid.!
Ginger Ale tastes so much worse outside an airplane.
My attorney likes to earn from my mistakes.
Can Feburary March? No. But April May
What day do most mothers give birth? Labor day.
How do rhinos like their eggs? Poached.
Internet went down last night My neighbour added a password
Which mafia boss came with all the dlc? John Goty
What do you call an angry paraplegic? A steamed vegetable.
Two hillbillies were playing chess..
Women always say they want security... When I'm around.
What's an owl's favourite pin code? 2820!!!!!!!!
what's green and floats? a leaf
I'm a masochist. I downvote myself.
Where is Macau located? In MaFarm
Hands down half 6 is my favourite time of day.
Chicks... ...they only get laid once.
I'm selling my Theremin.... I haven't touched it in years.
what type of shoes do artists wear? sketchers
I love Alfredo sauce. Unless you're a dude named Alfredo.
What separates the men from the boys? Operation Yewtree.
Why do people even like anal? It's fucking shit.
Dear women, you're all fucking crazy. Signed, every dude.
What's the slipperiest country? Greece!
What did one dairy cow say to another? Got milk?
What do you call conjoined dolphins Dual porpoise
I was gonna make a gay joke... But Fuck that
Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
A man walks into a bar... His friends ducked.
I fucked up making my coffee today \#nofilter
What do you call a slow hurricane? A slowicane.
What do you call a bearded gardener? Hairy Potter
Sorry about your street cred, black guys named Milton.
Where was Timmy when the bomb fell? Everywhere.
What does a preverted frog say? Rubbit.
What do you call an aligator in a vest? investigator
Saudi Arabia... ...is on the United Nations Human Rights Council.
What sex position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
100% of Nickelback fans drive drunk.
I for one... ... love Roman numerals.
"I love my Job!" -Job's wife
Be alert! The world needs more lerts.
I'm scared of the toilet That's where shit goes down
What do you call a cute homeless girl? Dust Bunny
No, you're not fat, you're just easy to see.
One day I'll cure deafness... You hear me!
Drunk is when you feel sophisticated but can't pronounce it.
What do you call an Irish Jew? A leprechaun!
Never tell a joke to plutonium, there reaction is explosive
What type of car does an African drive? A Sudan
Where does bad light go? Into a prism.
Wanna hear a word I just made up? Plagiarism.
What smells worse than an anchovy? An anchovy's cunt
My paper aeroplane won't fly. It's completely stationery.
What's good on pie, but not on pussy? Crust.
What do ants drink? Tea. It's an ant tea joke.
How do jellyfish live without brains They are blond
What's another word for "thesaurus"? Steven Wright joke, iirc.
How do you call a beautiful feminist? An oxymoron
Dont drink and Derive Especially in Meth class
what's the male equivolent of a widow? Free
[god creating ants] Anteater: finally
pull my upvote
Guns don't kill people. Chuck Norris kills People.
Why did the existential nihilist cross the road? Who cares.
You have the nicest syntax I've ever seen.
Why do rabbits love beer? Because it's made of hops.
A man walks into a bar... Just kidding
What do you call an elf made of lego? Legolass
What idiot called it endangered ocean population instead of deficiency?
What does a homeless man gets for Christmas? A cold.
It's hard telling how many Kleenex I've fathered.
According to my neighbor's journal, I have "boundary issues."
"Bear with me" -A Russian bear trainer
How do you make a space party? -You PLANet
Batman can safe the world ,but clark kent
Egyptians don't walk like that.
Fart tutor wanted, must have references
What do you call a homosexual in a wheelchair? Rolaids.
Ain't no sandwich when she's gone.
What do you get when Italians join ISIS? Baked Yazidi
Tequila everyday keeps sobriety away
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
Life is like photography, we develop from the negatives.
When one door closes... An incognito window opens.
I'm good at turning on. .. Electronics
What do you take before every meal? A seat.
What do u call a disadvantage for being east-indian Hindi-capped
What kind of cheese should Richard eat? Ricotta
I have a joke to tell. Can you reddit?
I have to say to you something... something.
The more complex the handshake, the less complex the individual.
What do you call Hitler underwater? Adolfin.
I over-think, therefore I ruin everything
What did the unimpressed cheese say? Que... so?
What language do British wrenches speech? Spanish!
What type of fruit do twins prefer? Pears.
Game of Thrones is why I have trust issues.
What is Chuck Norris' only weakness? Cancer
Test post pls ignore I TOLD U TO IGNORE IT
I'm dating a supermodel with hemiparesis. She's not half-bad.
Q: Why do blondes always drink with straws? A: Practice.
Never under estimate the value of stretching...the truth.
Cocaine is never a solution... Unless it's dissolved in water.
Never eat spoiled meat Or spoiled eggs
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... ...Free
Where does Dracula live? Monte Cristo
What game do they play at Mexican carnivals? Guaca-mole!
Why did Hitler suicide? He got the gas bill
What does an Ent want? A bad birch.
TIL That I'm NEVER getting prostate cancer
i put tinder on my kindle it burst into flames
Why are atoms so serious? Because they're no laughing matter.
How do deaf mathematicians communicate? Through sine language.
What do you call a Mexican baptism? A bean dip.
What's every movie critic's favorite cooking ingredient? Michael Bay Leaves.
Green Lantern That name has a nice ring to it
Messi carrying Argentina. Neymar carrying Brazil. British Airways carrying England
What do you call a rough Italian neighborhood? A Spaghetto
Why do I like sweet potatoes? Cuz they're yammy!!!
How to avoid clickbait? clearly, you wouldn't know...
What breathes out but never in? Your asshole
What's the worst cut of steak? Amazon Prime.
A guy walks into a bar... He says ouch.
All the kids had a name except
What dinosaur has the best vocabulary? The bronthesaurus.
My welcome mat says, "Oh shit! Not you again!"
Joke What is a bed's motto
How lost members does it take to change a lightbulb?
I remember 2016 As if it were a normal year.
Bruce Willis found dead.... ....bored with acting
e=mc2 was just Einstein comparing himself to other rappers
Your personality finally matches your looks. That's not a compliment.
What's your favourite food if you hate Microsoft Word? TeX-MeX
My three biggest fears are mouses, wolfs & proper pluralization.
What do you call customers at Lidl? Lidl people.
What do Hispanic midgets cut their pizza with? Little Caesar's
Crocs are suicide notes you can wear.
50% of mariachi bands end in divorciachi.
Who is the king of the pencil case? The Ruler
"I ruined my health by drinking to everyone Else's."
What's God's favorite guitar chord? G sus
What do you call an Ethiopian with a dog? Stupid.
Why shouldn't you write with a dull pencil? It's pointless
I'm so introverted I won't even talk to myself.
What smells better than it taste? A nose
Where did little Timmy go during the bombing? Everywhere
Who is the drummer for the Mexican Beatles? Gringo Starr
Man has sex with dead corpse That's my fetish.
This post just says it all! It all
I like homophobes Homophones, I mean homophones!
Where does a pirate go on vacation? Arrrrrland.
What is Carroll Shelby's favorite food? A torque-y sandwich.
I like my Wifi like I like my sex... Unprotected.
SWAG is for BOYS and CLASS is for MEN.
Inside jokes are bitterly resented by the homeless.
What's Gordon Ramsay's least favorite movie? IT'S FROOOOOOOZZZZEEEN
I met a hot chick That girl was on fire.
Have you ever eaten African food... Neither have they
Steven Hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding.
What is Peyton Manning's favorite Counting Crows song? Omaha
What date is it today? 2nd April. Ha!! April fool!
Kristen Stewart was raised by a pair of vacuum cleaners
What's a homophobe's favorite drink? fruit punch
Freddie Gray's death was a real Homie-cide
What goes; green-red-green-red-green-red-green-red? A frog in my blender
Why are hula dancers so pretentious? Because their hips stir.
A comedian walks into a bar full of r/historians.. [deleted]
What is E.T. short for? He's only got little legs.
Lawyers have feelings too.. ...allegedly.
You mama's so fat
What is Helen Keller's favorite color? Corduroy
Turns out chiropractors aren't actually dinosaurs.
"I better pee first." - me, before doing anything
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaay
Where did Sally go when the bomb went off? EVERYWHERE
What thinks the unthinkable? An ithe-berg
Cooking with Hitler Step 1. Turn on the gas
How to Get There by Ridya Bike
What is a teenage girl's best friend? Passive-Aggression
Which color confuses an idiot? Blue
A Guy Walks Into A Bar........ Wait For It........ "Ouch"
How did the shrimp eat all the fish food? shellfishly
Where does sans live? Sans francisco
It's HOMOsapiens, not HETEROsapiens. It's the Bi-ble, not the Straight-ble.
What's the best insult you can tell someone?
What do you call a lost crayon? a Strayola
What do you call a cheap cicumsicion? A rip off
What happens when the Pope dies? ....another one popes up.
How do dogs own cats? bitches have pussies
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish.
What's another word for a face tattoo? An everlasting jobstopper.
Warning: Joke contains racism Racism
Half-Life 3's release date.
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies
"I will love you forever or until I cum"  MEN
it's a status....not your diary...
Caitlin Jenner isn't transgender. She's trans-Jenner.
American Public Schools.
What does the ninja call his penis? meningococcal
Which knight of the round table had Diabetes? Sir Lance-a-lot
What times does the chinaman go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty
Did you take a shower today? Why, is one missing?
Did you hear about the stationary store? It moved.
Curiosity killed the cat... NASA sincerely apologizes...
What made Tesla successful ? Its musk
Girl: What colour are my eyes? Guy: 34C.
Congratulations Amy Winehouse On three years of sobriety!
Most suitable joke for reddit [deleted]
What do you call twin kittens? Dupli-cats
How does the moon get a haircut? Eclipse it
What's a thesaurus's favorite cereal? Synonym Toast Crunch
What happens when i find a good joke? I reddit.
This isn't a competition! -People who are losing
50 Cent Or as he's known in Zimbabwe, 400,000,000 dollars.
What is a Polish person's favorite weapon? A Warsaw...
How do I tell a man he loves me?
Once you've seen one shopping centre... ...you've seen a mall
I've just wrecked myself. I wish I'd checked myself beforehand.
Algorithm A former vice president playing the drums
What does Batman use to wash his hair? Conditioner Gordon.
I went to www.match.com Better luck on www.ancestry.com
What are the inhabitants of Crete called? Cretins!
Why was Yoda afraid of seven? Because six seven eight.
I love you all so much right now because alcohol.
What did the dinosaur say after the car crash? I'msosaurus
[OC] Alright, here's my new year's resolution... Stop being late
Have you ever had an Ethiopian breakfast? Neither have they.
What is an amputees favorite movie? Armageddon.
What do you call a piano composer that smokes? Tarcoughski
What time does a mechanic wake up? Oily!
Francois Hollande.
Happy 10th birthday to your dating profile pic.
What's Pharma Bro's favorite musical? Rent.
Smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
What kind of ghosts haunt operating theatres? Surgical spirits.
I like my men like I like my coffee-- silent.
How does a chef get to work? He woks.
What do you call a gay man's paradise? A fruitopia.
What do ISIS want for Christmas? Turkey, apparently.
Can't believe Sting isn't the lead singer of the Scorpions
Which language does a drunk Scotsman speak? [x-post /r/puns] Scotch.
What do you call an underage gang bang? Bohymen Rapecity
Butter must be southern Because it's usually inbred
Keep away from professional dermatologists.. They make rash decisions
The relationship stages;-         :*         :'(
A Funny Joke My Life...
A blind person walks in to a bar.
Make the little things count... teach midgets arithmetic.
What animal is endangered by tooth decay? Molar bears!
What would you call a very funny mountain? Hill Arious!
I invented a new joke today! Plagiarism!
Friends don't force friends to watch 'funny' YouTube videos.
What is the Terminators Muslim name? Al Bi Baq
The 'M' in 'MTV now stands for 'MISCELLANEOUS'.
So I guess these Brazillian jokes aren't happening Neymar?
What do vegetarian zombies want? Graaaaiiiiinss!
Pinot? I hardly noir.
Never drink and derive You'll integrate something you don't need.
So a seal walks into a club. The end.
You can only push me so far before I breakdance.
What are french journalists good at catching? Bullets.
Plot twist: name your pets after passwords.
What is a computer virus? A terminal illness.
What happens if you steal in Afghanistan? You get Talibanned
Mattel released a Muslim Barbie... It's a blow-up doll.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
What do you call an amphibian in hiding? Incognitoad.
Only dead fish go with the flow.
I screamed a Brazilian times during that waxing.
Poop jokes... are the shit.
Where do Muslim hipsters shop for clothes? Turban Outfitters!
Why do gods eat swiss cheese? Because its holy
What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend? Homeless.
What is 6.9? A good time ruined by a period.
Titanic, but with literally thousands of cats.
If two vegetarians are arguing Is it considered a beef?
What sport are Mexicans best at? Cross country.
Swallow it dammit, it's good for you  Your Pride
Does anybody want this last piece of rain forest?
What has 100 balls and fuck rabbits A shotgun
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
"Knock knock." "Who's there?" "The pilot. Let me in"
Be the reason they create new laws.
I like the sound of you not talking.
Macho Law prohibits me from admitting I'm wrong.
Why did AT&amp;T have the worst wedding? No reception.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? To stop hispanic attacks
Have you ever eat a clock? Its very time consuming.
"Wanna go camping?" "No thanks, I have a house."
Why is a hemiola unfair? Because it's three against two.
What's worse than nine eleven? 311
What did the Gay techie say? I do queries.
Say no to shampoo. Demand real poo.
My favorite Kardashian is the one who dies first.
What comes before OP? QWERTYUI
I got a joke... your life
Accidentally made my Christian Mingle username 'Voldemort69' again
What is Green...and Smells Like Pork? Kermit the Frog's Finger!!
Do you ever get that creepy deja vu feeling? [credit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2tc8bn/how_do_you_subtly_fuck_with_people/cny3ig0)
Do you know how to disappoint a fellow redditor? [deleted]
What's the favorite subject of young witches at  school? Spelling.
Why type of lightning likes to play sports?  -Ball lightning
The second best "asm" is "sarc."
Kanye's acceptance speech on the VMA's
What did the hummingbird do to his girlfriend? He nectar!
Looking for a friend with benefits. Preferably dental.
If you tickle a billionaire, will he trickle himself?
I had a masturbation addiction. I beat it.
What do you call a white slave? Whipped cream.
What's Thom Yorke's reddit? /u/KarmaPuhlease
My father's kids won't get this... ...love.
The Reds are going to The Series this year.
Whats Donald Trumps favorite album? The Wall
What do you call an ugly dinosaur? An Isaurus Rex
Q: What do birds give out on Halloween? A: Tweets.
Siri, answer all of my toddler's stupid questions.
Men with itchy butts Have smelly fingers
What's yellow and can't swim A bus full of children
What do you call lying furniture? Untrustable
What's Hitler's favorite videogame? Mein Kraft.
Make love not war... Or do both - get married.
Why type of nut do Wallflowers like? Walnuts
"I'm old." -everyone over the age of 18
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
How does procrastination start? I'll tell you tomorrow.
My "Pi" tattoo is taking longer than I thought
"Omelet you finish," -Kanyegg West
How does the executioner like his coffee? Decap
ignorance or apathy? I dont know and I dont care
I never understood why vets... aren't called dogtors.
What's got four legs and one arm? A Rottweiler.
What do I have that FC Barcelona doesn't? A semi
You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes.
What do dyslexic zombies eat? Brians.
Valar morghulis the feminist extremists' motto.
Ethics of the police
What is a polygon? A dead parrot.
How do you reheat a cold war? You nuke it.
What's the difference between a Snowman and a Snowwoman? **SnowBalls!**
LPT: Never use hyperbole.
Lubricant?? ... Lubri-CAN!!!
Toucan: Albanians kidnap Liam Neesons bird
To err is human; to Air Bud is dog!!!!
I grow herbs in my bed. Bed thyme.
What did the ghost say to the bee? Boo bee!
Donald Trump's presidential campaign emerges victorious! title
What do vegan zombies eat? Graaaaains!
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it was pizza.
What US state has the most cows? Moosouri!
I have a job crushing pop cans. It's soda pressing.
"Want to hear a joke about potassium?" "Yes" "K"
What happened to Wendy from Wendy's? "The Baconator"
What is atheism? A non-prophet organisation.
Mmmmm.... delicious!
Molestation Such a touchy subject
Plot Twist: Africa adopts Angelina Jolie
I'm sick of everyone one reddit corecting my spelling.
What do you call chips that aren't yours? Nacho chips
What do you call a Crazy female deer? A doenut
I dig my own Grave. Adds Inter-ior designer to Resume.
Why was the clownfish sad? Because its friends were anemones.
Old MacDonald had a very bad Scrabble hand... E-I-E-I-O.
If water is h20, what is ice H2O^3
What was Ol' Dirty Bastard's favorite vegetable? Nigga, peas!
DJ Daemon maintains the beats in the background.
What did the Zero say to the Eight? Nice belt.
What sport do you play with a wombat? Wom
"Blinding Nemo" #BPMovies
What does an alcoholic ghost drink? BOO'S.
Who's Bill Cosby's favourite Disney princess? Sleeping Beauty
You know what they say about cliffhangers ...
*pokes sex life with a stick
I believe in "you're stupid" at first sight.
"Rock. Paper. Scissors." - terrible surgeon
Women have closets full of 'I have nothing to wear.'
What did the Blind, Deaf man get for Christmas?? Cancer
"This surgical knife isn't sharp," ...Dr. Swiftie said bluntly.
What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pump-kin!
What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pump-kin.
Why doesn't Jesus play basketball? He got crossed up.
What do you call a pessimistic Mexican? A Mexican't
What does a grizzly wear under his fur? Under-bear.
Did you hear that great joke about Schrodinger's cat?
What's the difference between r/politics and r/liberal? None
*hops off a horse* alright buddy, your turn
I was Hungary... so Iran to Turkey
how many calories are in a horse
I wish I could commute by roller coaster.
No thanks, dentist's office that used to be a house
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
What do you call a fish with no eye? FSH
Accept it. Your parents HAVE had sex before.
There is no 'I' in 'Denial'
You know what is intense? Camping. Is intense.
Pineapple Jokes When is an apple not an apple?
Idiot college called, they want there mascot back.
What's a poker player's favorite sitcom? Full House.
TIFU Your girl was on my lap
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
What do you call a ghost chicken? A poultry-geist!
My computer said hello to me It's a Dell.
How do you get a witch pregnant? You fuck her.
As it turns out, "harder" is a horrible safe word.
I hope this Hurricane is a Joaquin the park ;)
Want to hear a joke about Potassium? K.
Sometimes relationships last longer when Facebook doesn't know about them.
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite note? High G.
TIL I have big fingers or a small butthole.
Please don't tell 9/11 jokes today they're just plane wrong.
What's the difference between Niagara and Viagra? Niagara falls.
YOLO You Only Love Owls.
what is a woman to cant give birth? bruce jenner
Republicans, don't forget to set your clocks back 50 years
The drunker I get, the more dance moves I know.
What do u call a girl having no boyfriend?
I'm not lazy... I'm just on my energy saving mode.
*at waffle house* "do you want bacon or sausage?" 'YES'
Today is "Jamaican hair day" at work. I'm dreading it.
Why do Greeks like fried foods? Because they're greasy
Float like a jellyfish, sting like a jellyfish.
Ceilings were just ambitious walls.
What comes after America? Bmerica. I'll see myself out
So a seal walks into a club...
"EVERYONE IS ENGAGED BUT YOU" - facebook
Going as a hashtag for Halloween so everybody ignores me.
What is a pirates favorite letter? No, it's the C.
What's a Fly without it's wings? A Walk
Hire The Pretty Blonde
How do you make Donald Trump laugh? tickle his armpits
the biggest joke of all time Trump
Avoiding the use of French-derived words... Is not my forte.
What does Monica Lewinsky and Soda Machine have in common?
What is Joan of Arc's least favorite food? Steak
How does Moses make his coffee? He brews it.
what kind of clothes do lawyers wear? Lawsuits.
Where do Russians stream movies from? Nyetflix.
Whats better than winning gold at the paralympics? Having legs.....
Headaches aren't real.. They're all in your head.
I stopped a kidnapping today.. I woke him up
I tried to catch some fog earlier. I mist.
Sick eagles are forbidden by law. They're illeagle.
Where does a general keep his armies? In his sleevies
What do you call an angry wind? A cross breeze.
Friend: You'll find love again. Me: STOP THREATENING ME
Russia is invading Ukraine? US: "NATO my watch!"
Cartoonist found dead in home . Details are sketchy.
What do you call a stillborn grizzly cub? Unbearable
You know what's way better than an iPod? A zune
Every time you make a typo... the errorists win
What do you call 3 mexicans breaking into somewhere? Trespassers
Anyone you can do, I can do better..
How much for these old batteries? For you? No charge.
Trump is a godsend As in 1000 B.C. plague
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
What's Santa's favourite metal band? Sleigher.
Terrorists are so slutty They'll blow on the first date
Genderfluid? I just call that semen
Meet the parents
[strong] Zoroark, male, 50 Sebas
Happier than a witch in a broom shop.
What is a buttress? A female goat.
How do you annoy your girlfriend during sex?  Phone her.
You're only as good as your last tweet.
I'm bad at misleading people Not
What happened to the cross-eyed circumcist? She got the sack
What did the man without a voice box say?
Flowers bee like
Read more Apple jokes
/u/kn0thing
which came first the chicken or the egg? The rooster
What do you call crazy testicles? Cuckoonuts
what did socrates learn from the T-rex? i dino
Pepper spray does not taste like pepper.
What do you tell a smelly Japanese person? Takashawa.
What's do you call a tampon tutorial? A demenstruation
Teach us About Absolute Zero! 0K!
Q: What country is ill? A: Germany.
What is a ghost's favorite street? A boooooooolevard.
I love jewish comedians they never ham it up.
What do bulls do math with? A cow-culator! (Cue groans)
#1: My personality is 30% the last movie I watched.
Knock knock? Who's there? Come in. Come in who? Me.
What do you call a cow without legs? Ground beef.
Calling your girlfriend Dumbledore.. ..cause she's the real head master
What Did the Sadist Do to the Masochist? Nothing.
9/11 Jokes aren't funny. The other 2 however, are hilarious!
Where do nazis go on vacation? The holocoast.
What is Kanye West's favorite breakfast food? Omelette you finish.
Current beard: Outdoor woodsman Current body: Indoor couchman
Kid Rock must be an Adult Rock by now.
I like my slaves how I like my coffee Free
What kind of modeling clay does a dog use?  Fi-Do!
To help me get to sleep I'm counting miners.
Relationships are easy as pie! *burns pie*
So many people on Facebook "Like" everything but grammar.
If We Elect Donald Trump President.
What's everyone doing for Seis de Mayo?
"Describe yourself in 4 words." Bad at counting.
What does Mexican binary code consist of? Zeros and Juans.
God hates fags He prefers a nice, fat, dank blunt.
How do I disable the autocorrect function on my wife?
"Choas Theory"-themed restaurant: Eating Disorder
Sucks that these Crest strips only come in white
What do Ebola patients eat? Abola chicken noodle soup!
My hamster died... He fell asleep at the wheel.
Strip search? Fine but I'm going to need some music.
So I just listened to Kanye's album... Dafuq?
but what does Jesus do when he wants to swim
What kind of protozoa likes  Halloween? An amoeboo!
What would a Prius minivan be called? Post-us
Be Alert The world needs more lerts.
Is onamonapia.... umderstood by deaf people?
10 Money Saving Tips (Joke) http://travelmediacafe.com/2014/11/18/10-money-saving-tips/
Chuck Norris can gargle peanut butter.
What do Germans look at on the internet? Danke memes
What do you call a black astronaut? Invisible
What kind of government does Disney World have? A plutocracy
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A mega-sore-ass.
I hate niggers
I can't stop drinking about you.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? Investigator!
What's a pedophile's favorite type of shoe? White vans.
What's shorter than Mt. Everest? Mt. Everer
At least I have all day sober to Sunday up.....
I love milk... It's got lots of cowcium.
Wanna hear a joke? Serving sizes
What do vegan zombies eat? ~Graaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnsssssss
Who has the most dangerous job in Transylvania? Dracula's dentist.
Yo mama's so mean... She's got no standard deviation!
Don't fall in love. You will get feelings and die.
What's the worst part about /r/meirl moderators? [Deleted]
Hear about psych on netflix? Thats messed up
What's miley cyrus's favourite color? twerkquoise
who needs people when you got pizza
"I'm not a fan." -air conditioner
Yo momma so fat She got an event horizon.
What did Tom Riddle's calculator tell Harry Potter? 8008132
How did Jared lose 30 pounds? He dumped his girlfriend.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUNG!!!!
Q: What do clouds wear under their clothes? A: Thunderware.
I raise the bar when it comes to lowering standards.
Why can't a T-Rex clap it's hands? Because it's dead
How do skeletons reproduce? They don't.
How do Mexicans greet Dr. Seuss? Jesus!
You're not fat. You're just... easier to see!
What do you call a sleeping prisoner? Under a-rest.
I sexually identify as Counter Strike... *And I'm globally offended*
What's the number one comeback on r/Jokes? Riposte.
What does a Spanish cow say? Muuuuuuuey!
Wanna hear a racist joke ? Donald Trump
A married couple walks into a bar.
*Goes into debt Debt: Wrong hole.
You know what's great about being single ? Fucking everything
What game do reindeer play in their stalls? Stable-tennis!
"And the Lord said unto John.......
What does a vegetarian zombie eat? Grrrains.
What shampoo do dragons prefer? Head &amp; Smolders
An M&amp;M for 50 cent!? That's Ludacris!
Q. What's the rudest type of Elf? A. The GofuckyoursElf.
How are babies like hinges? They are things to adore
KONY 2012 What Uganda do about it?
What is a blonde's favorite fairy tale? Humpme Dumpme!
Martin Shkreli.
What Time Is It? Its time for lunch.
What was the jew doing in the ashtray? Family research.
You what the opposite of premature ejaculation is? Ejacu-late
What's a Ninja Turtle's favorite equation? A radical equation.
What does a pig put on his cut? Oinkment
My kids are really competing for least favorite today.
What does a racist baker exclaim? white flour!
What is a time travelling vacuum cleaner called? Dr Whoover
Relax,,, We're all crazy.. It's not a competition.
What does a Mexican duck say? Guac Guac
Reddit will end with not a bang, but a Pao.
How do telegraph operators apologize? Remorse code
What You're Saying with Your Drink Choice Lol
How do animals cross the ocean? On a Gir-raft.
How did the butcher introduce his wife? Meet Patty!
How does a train eat? They Chew-Chew.
*tries to mount a horse* Horse: "I have a boyfriend."
What's the best drink for a dog? An old faschund.
"Does this leaf make me look fat?" - Eve.
What's grey and comes in quarts? Elephants
Seven days without Mexican food.... Makes Juan weak.
Six U.S congress men die and go to heaven.
What is Dwight Schrute's hometown? Nanda Parbeets.
Life is life, Sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium.
The 7 Habits of Highly Successful Nun Impersonators
Name please "Yo-Yo Ma" Your full name [quietly] "Yoghurt-Yoghurt Marmalade"
"Hi?" -First cow being milked
50 shades of hay [50 shades of hay](http://imgur.com/YRGs7P0)
Two Irishman walk out of a pub. It could happen.
10 WARNING SIGNS THAT YOU'RE CURRENTLY READING A LIST
*Tries to hit the gym* *Gym hits back*
What's Rick Grimes' favorite holiday? Christmas, Carl
In hell, your socks are always wet
Where does Amy go after the explosion? EVERYWHERE!!!
Noisy Nights by Constance Norah
sapnu puaS Read it upside down
What kind of juice does hitler drink? Concentrated juice.
Never feel worthless! Your organs are worth thousands.
Yeah, I knew Shakespeare in college. Typical neck bard.
Her: Do you kik? Me: Like rocks? Her: .......
Family size or very determined single person size?
Where did the general put his armies? In his sleevies.
- Are you sure? -defenet... difini... difine... YES IM SURE!
Irony is lost on kleptomaniacs because they take everything literally.
How come Greek salad doesn't have any lettuce? Austerity.
Thinking of getting another bed just for all my laundry
I wear glasses during math, Because it improves division.
I saw a train today... It seemed really angry.
Welcome, take off your pants ...and jacket.
What are three signs old age? 1. Becoming forgetful
Only assholes name drop. Bruce Springsteen told me that.
What's wrong with the phrase "War on Drugs"? Wars end.
What is Putin's favorite Justin Timberlake song? Cremia River
If a dog sniffs your ass, you're probably a bitch.
I just failed my butcher's exam. Mis-steaks were made.
All men approve of premarital sex...until they have a daughter.
What's Bill Clinton's favorite Pink Floyd jam? Have a Cigar
Will Will Smith Smith? Yes... Will Smith will smith
Typos... that's just how I role.
For computer geeks. Less isn't more, less is more.
What do you call a rich South American? A Brazilianaire!
Jokes about unemployed people aren't funny they just don't work.
So I bought a nihilistic pencil It's pointless.
It's ironic that most people don't understand irony
What do you get when eating toast in bed? Un-crumb-fortable
Why does OSHA hate porn? It's nsfw
Why are teenage girls so odd? Because they can't even.
The American healthcare system .
What's the generic name for Viagra? Mycoxafloppin.
One month of nofap here i pun! *Cum
What is a Mexican's favorite bookstore? Borders
I have an old resolution 640x480
Wanna hear a joke about sodium? Na
Alcohol is like liquid Photoshop for real life.
I rode a taxi It was fake
Like a flat tire.......how I'm rolling this morning.
What's a russian's favorite golf club? A putin wedge.
Have you been to /r/brucejennerspenis? I heard it was removed.
What's black and doesn't work? A broken TV.............. racist.
What's the cheapest form of birth control? Casey Anthony
Camping as a couple is stressful... ...it's two in tents.
Bakers trade bread recipes... on a knead-to-know basis.
Closed letter to the mods of r/Jokes... O
My favorite palindromes I've come across are tit and boob.
Q: What do modern artists eat for breakfast? A: Surreal.
I like my hookers like I like my treasure... Buried.
A short joke for mobile users [.](http://i.imgur.com/7g4htym.jpg)
What's Mike Tyson's favorite Scarlett Johansson film? Luthy.
What is Reagan's favorite vegetable? Jim Brady
Where were the first French fries made? ...in grease
Knock Knock...
Egg puns... ...are cracking!
On the other hand, You have five fingers.
Do you raise chickens? Because you raise my cock.
Why can't ears have sex? They could get hearing AIDS!
What is Tom Hanks' wireless password? 1forrest1
[warning racist] wanna hear a dark joke? africas population
Who serves all you can eat rabbit stew? Warren Buffet!
*bangs gavel* wife: who???
What's the difference between Australia and Yogurt? Culture
Everyone's gynecologist uses the term battle damage,' right?
Why was the shower crying It was being used.
why do JEWS have big noses ? air is free
Tight pants are like a cheap hotel... No ball room
An apple a day... Keeps the non-binary away
Why'd you order the Fish n' Chips? For the Halibut.
Spell "attic" without laughing out loud
How do you seduce a fat woman? PIece of cake.
What's grey and can't fly? A parking lot.
My new girlfriend really takes my breath away.... She's inflatable.
What's enormous, gray, and unimportant? Irrelephant.
What kind of bees make milk? Boo-bees
I lost fifty pounds in two weeks by lying!
BEST vine with nigga - chocolate milk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JZfR4PwIbs
Why didn't 2x befriend x^2 ? He had trouble integrating
I, for one... is a roman numeral.
Where do stoners keep their money? In a joint account
You know why /r/jokes doesn't allow pictures? thatsthejoke.jpg
Programmers tend to byte their food
There are no absolutes in this world. Except vodka.
Hey geese crossing the road, u can fly.
What do you give the guy who has everything? Penicillin
A guy walks into a bar "Ow," he says.
I like my slave like I like my frees Coffee.
TEIAM - problem solved fuckers
And the Oscar goes to.................................... Court for killing his girlfriend.
I don't understand hair It's just over my head.
I'm so old... ...my organs are harpsichords.
What do you call Halloween for feminists? Triggertreat
What country uses the most foul language? Turkey
My girlfriend and i are quite similar They're both imaginary
What do naked fish play with ?  Bare-a-cudas !
How does Professor Charles Xavier Apologise? He says "Cerebro"
What type of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers
A bar walks upto a bar... Hows that even possible
Fat people just want to get into your pantries.
Learning about frequency is so boring ... It literally Hertz.
Smiling gives you wrinkles. Resting bitch face keeps you pretty.
Mothers are always one question from ruining your day.
All my party planning skills revolve around exit strategies.
Christmas is my favorite four months of the year.
What happened to the road? Depressions.
Fe Fi Fo Fum Rhyme scheme tweets are kinda dumb
What is a trailer park's favorite game? Twister
How do Mr. and Mrs. Weasley have sex? gingerly.
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile? Fitting in.
What does a rock put on when it stinks? Geodorant.
What runs, but never sprints? Inherited obesity
Why can't americans play LoL? They can't guard their towers.
what currency does the sun use? starbucks
How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad!
Dust bunnies are great pets because they thrive on neglect.
Everybody wants to be wanted, except maybe fugitives.
What do you call a friendly Mancunian midwife? Ultra sound
Wtf neighbor I waved to you last week
Rain is just God listening to Bon Iver.
You teabag But Chuck Norris potato sacks
How do you assemble a computer? Bit by bit.
Jogging, but with a car.
Asians be like... ay bb u wan sum duck?
What did the racist chess player say? All Rook same!
Girls use lotion for hands Boys use lotion for skin.
Why do Asians prefer Sony? Because it's a stereo type
Why did the man get sent to jail? Black male
How does a Muslim close a door? Islams it!
I like my coffee how I like my women... Cold.
They call me Metal Gear Because my snake is solid
What happened to the tasty noun? Verbatim.
What is a prostitutes favorite food? Anything but blue waffles.
What did the Dog say to the Chipmunk? Woof.
Where do dogs shop for groceries? Wagmans.
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little Nazis.
BISON DAD: good bye, son. BISON SON: thank you, dad.
What do you call a Russian, homophobic, golfer? Vladimir Putting
The guy who proofread Hitler's speeches was a Grammar Nazi.
What do you call a group of pigs? A precinct.
To all sluts !! Please regulate your whoremones !!
Relationship Status: we made our marriage counselor cry.
I wonder what my dog named me.
ok i'll bite.. what is Britain
What was Sisyphus's favourite type of music? Rock 'n' Roll
Jokes about abusive parents... ...just hit too close to home.
How do you stop rape? **NSFW** Consent.
*muttered from inside a bear* "Go hiking," they said.
Love is blind, only marriage opens your eyes.
How did Jesus get so ripped? 39 lashes.
What was Bob Marley's favourite font? Sans Sheriff!
Winrar is not free
What's a redneck's favorite type of bread? Inbred
Things that are better left unsaid 1. 2. 3.
Never trust an atom They make up everything
What has four wheels and flies A Garbage truck
Like most movies. I show big things in my trailer.
CNN admits to dating Fox News.
Where did the King keep his armies? In his sleevies.
A duck walks into a bar... Quack!
What is a cannibal's favorite fruit? Granny Smith
What is the worst animal std? Gatoraids
Subreddit for cleanjokes? Anyone know of one? TIA
Life as a penis must be hard.
How do you spell hypocrisy? R-E-L-I-G-I-O-N
Whats the difference between Trump and Hitler? About 70 years
Whoa, calm down, person actually swimming in the swimming pool.
What makes Kirby a great all-around fighter? He's all round.
How to comfort a Grammar Nazi "They're Their There"
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? A Klondike.
What do you call a gay dentist? The Tooth Fairy
I burned a kid in a wheelchair today. Hot wheels.
I ejaculated six feet earlier. Strange, usually I ejaculate semen.
*drives Toyota Corolla into Mordor* "See, nobody suspected a thing"
Kevin Bacon likes to play Six Degrees of Everybody Else.
Please pray for the people still playing Farmville on Facebook.
A collection of OC jokes!
Where do fat people live? Obe-city
Light is useful It helps us 'c' things.
Without nipples, breasts would be pointless.
My parents kidnapped me. I was then born.
Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?
Alcohol is photoshop for real life.
Dark comedy is... Like water.......not everyone gets it.
Never threaten anyone. It spoils the surprise.
What bus crossed the Atlantic Ocean? Columbus
What U.S. State has the smallest sodas? Minisoda
Why are bananas so popular? Because they have appeal
What's a pirate's favorite workout program? Pirates (pronounced like pilates)
I told my dog to bark. He said, "howwwl loud."
Do you know what makes pink lemonade pink? Strawberries.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick
What was Hitler's least favourite month? Jew-ne
what does a Nazi turkey say? "Goebbles Goesbbles"
"Yous shall not pass!" (Gandalfini)
What is Michal Jackson A Chocolate Cracker (if they exist)
What is the deadliest volcano? Mount Kill-a-man-jaro
What do you call a prositute on her period? Unemployed.
How does NASA organize their missions. They Planet.
Jobs that do not exist anymore Steve
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance? Just one pence.
What time do dentists fly airplanes? Tooth Hurty (2:30)
You know, I just love whiteboards... They're remarkable.
What has bottom on the top? Legs.
How do rabbits fly? In hareplanes.
Is your name Summer? Coz you're HOT!
I went camping recently. It was intense.
What do you call a hippopotamus in an I.C.U.? Hippo-critical.
I don't like thinking about gravity. It brings me down.
Babies are just people that haven't hurt your feelings yet.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff.
How many communists died during ww2? not enough
Where do most black people work? In jail
For sale: Standards. Mint condition. Barely used.
One man's girlfriend is another man's Twitter password.
Fact: 9/10 people enjoy date rape
What do you call a hirsute ceramicist? Hairy Potter
I hope Jessica Biel names her first child Batmo.
Fart when people hug you. It makes them feel strong.
Why shouldn't white people swim? Crackers get soggy when wet.
What do terrorists eat when its sunny? Choc-ISIS
What did the Reddit admins do for Christmas? [removed]
What idiot called them atheists instead of non-parishables?
reverse racism the biggest joke of all
How do you play Iraqi bingo?  F18...B52...F18
I like my weekdays like Marx likes his societies. Classless.
I have a new word for vibrator ... selfie stick
Technically... It's only illegal when you get arrested.
What do bees chew? Bumble gum.
Bet you can't guess my favorite hue Hue Jackman
What do Indian Flowers grow? Patels.
Every function without you will always be void of love.
Tombstone: Here lies Houdini 2nd Tombstone: Now I'm over here
What Does a Duck Smoke? ( _)&gt;- **Quack** (_)
What do you call a hatred for large plants? Bigotree
MY NECK, MY BACK, A STRANGER TOOK MY CAT
My math teacher called me average How mean.
What do you call phrases that Jews often say? Judaisms.
Joined Match.com... And all I got was a lit cigarette
Brazil is getting slaughtered I can't take it an Neymar
Setp 1: Learn Spelling
So an Irish man walks out of a bar...
April is alcohol awareness month.....I think we're all aware. Cheers!
What do you call a German with a cold?
Where assholes go to die The cheap toilet paper section.
Pillow fights didn't last as long in the Stone Age.
Racist comments... Just like grandma used to make
Do scooby got a booty? Scooby doo.
How do you throw a party in space? You planet
Why did the plane crash? The pilot was a potato.
"Hold the door!!!" "What door?"
You remember those yardsticks? They don't make them any longer.
What do u call a gay dinosaur? A mega-sore-ass
Word. ~ Microsoft.
What do wizards call unmagical African Americans? Niggles
What do you call someone who supports Hillary? Paid off.
Hummingbirds are just regular birds that can't remember the lyrics.
I named my penis Truth... Because bitches can't handle it!
I have no beef with vegetarians.
Cats are just fuzzy houseplants that hate you.
What did Bruce Lee say about NASA'S discovery WA-TAH!
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Memories. That's how I want to be remembered.
Where do you take a sick wasp? To waspital.
What do you call a terrorist from Paris? A Paririst
Whats pink and smells awful? Your mums cunt lol
Here's another great Ellen Pao Joke [deleted]
Wanna hear a joke? Lifetime movies.
Short seal joke A baby seal walks into a club
You face Ha got "em"
I just got carded at Forever 21. This is bullshit!
There's a little "I'm jealous" in every "whatever."
Creed is Alter Bridge with a stapp infection.
How do blonde braincells die? Alone. 
Famous last words (silence)
What do you call an overweight homosexual? Jigglypuff.
How to tell if she's odd... ...she can't even.
"No way." -Jose
Democrats must be so thirsty Cause of all the salt.
How do neurons communicate? Cell phones
My fast joke Are you a human or a dog
What's an emo's favorite file type? .rar
What do you call a chiropractor in Egypt? A cairopractor.
Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar? greg.
What kind of jackets do Audiophiles wear? FLAC jackets
Why can't unicorns play soccer? Because they don't exist
Why do java coders wear glasses? Because they don't C#
How do you make a hamburger smile? Pickle it gently!
Here's how pessimism works. It never works.
Santorum I thought he didn't believe in pulling out?
What do you call a slutty egg? Over easy!
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL! *Car crashes*
What is the lactose intolerant man's least favorite chore? Laun-dairy.
Just saw Elle Fanning. I was blown away.
Americans may not get this... Healthcare
Why did the guitarist get arrested? For fingering A Minor
me: "so is this a date?" hitchhiker: "um"
What happened in China on Christmas? The Rice-child was born.
Why don't cannibals eat divorced women? They're too bitter.
What goes dot-dot-croak dot-dash-croak ?  Morse toad !
What sound does a Japanese camera make? "Crick"
What is a junkies favorite drink? Hepsi
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee you racist fuck.
2 guys walk into a bar The 3rd guy ducks
Dance like you won't be turned into a gif.
A man and a woman walk into a bar...
I found a cheap prosthetic arm on Craigslist Secondhand
Why do audiophiles nerver loose a fight? Because they're lossless.
I love volcano jokes... They magma lava my ash off.
I love hitting F5... It's so refreshing
I don't "fuck" my wife. I "make fuck" to her.
If life give you melons... You're probably dyslexic.
What happens when the fog lifts in California? UCLA.
What did the alcoholic 7 get diagnosed with? Heptatitis
After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!
Lenins If life hands you Lenins, start a socialist revolution.
Women call me The Gold Medal I always finish first.
What's Michael J. Fox's favorite drink? a milkshake
What is an electricians favorite type of news Current events
How do pigs talk? Swine language
*trains 1 million soldier ants* *gets carried to work*
What's the funniest type of Mexican food? Fajitahahahas
Bad jokes are like farts... ....better to let them pass.
What happened to the blind circumcisor? He got the sack.
What is Spider-Man's favorite rice? Uncle Bens!
Yes, 911, that guy just fed my house letters again.
what do you call a fake noodle? An impasta! :D
Kim Kardashian's ass is ridiculous He's egotistical too
What is Green and Oblong? A well disguised orange!
What does Iphone7 and spermbank have in common? JACK OFF
What do cannibals call shin meat? Below knee
Whoever put the 'b' in subtle was a clever bastard.
9/11 jokes are just... Plane wrong.
Why do British people never sound British when they sing?
What did the cannibalistic lion do? Swallow his pride.
Knock-knock
Do you whats amazing? Spiderman
What does heroin make you feel like? More heroin.
Why are gay guys always butthurt? Oh yeah.
Why are most male squirrels gay? Cuz they love nuts!
A Redditor goes on a date.
What does a redneck do on Halloween? Pumpkin
What do Kermit The Frog'S fingers smell like? Bacon.
What is a pedophile's favourite pair of shoes? White vans.
Curiosity doesn't kill anything, stupidity does.
I got a good one for you guys 1
Where does Joseph Kony train his soldiers? Arizona
Music is a good place to hide.
Trump says he'll make Oasis pay for a wonder wall.
69% of people... ...find something dirty in every sentence.
Why don't girls count to two? Because they "can't even."
What do black people do after sex? 15 to life
Researchers found out,... ... after someone finally opened the door.
"I'll be back!" -boomerangs -and herpes
Do Wilma Flintstone got a booty? She yabba-dabba dooooooo!
Thanks a lot Apple, for calling 7 inches a mini.
How do you kill a circus? ...go for the Juggler!
What is the difference between camping and being homeless? Marshmallows
What does a black man do after sex? 15 years.
What is a pirate's favorite class in school? Arrrrrrt class.
How do you circumcise a hillbilly? Punch his cousin
Hear about the new gay sitcom? "Leave it, it's Beaver." 
Where do magical animals go to jail? Azkabarn
What do you call a cheap hooker's snatch? Death Valley.
-Balderdash! -Codswallop! -Tommyrot! -Poppycock! Victorian Era YouTube comments
Does anybody know if Maternity Wards are open today?
What kind of superhero would Caitlyn Jenner be? An Ex-Man.
How do narcissists remember everything? ...They have a photogenic memory.
*gets a Fitbit for Christmas* *puts it on a squirrel*
What happens when you zip up a lion? It rars
A woman is good for 70 things. Cooking and 69.
Schrodingers cat walks into a bar ... and doesn't.
What did the dinosaur say to the caveman? RAWR!
What is a south Koreans favorite fruit? An impeach.
A Jew walks into a BAR.. Passes.
What sort of transport does a sheep use? A ewe-nicycle
McDonald's is like if Ke$ha were a restaurant.
Synchronized diving would be far more interesting without the pool.
Once you go black you'll sit in the back
What is the scientific measurement for moistness? Digits...
Sure, we can be friends. I get to be Chandler.
What came first, the chicken or the egg? The rooster.
What do you call a french lesbian? A tresbien
*adds resume embellisher to resume*
Dad Joke Survivors A nickelodeon presentation.
TIFU by eating a U-Boat. Whoops, wrong sub.
We just got a donkey He's a real Jackass
What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles
Why do anarchists smell so bad? Because they're *revolting*
What is a Mexican's favorite Olympic event? Cross country
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? denim denim denim
What do you call an annoying black person? A nagger.
What are Mario's overalls made out of DENIM DENIM DENIM
Who answers the Crime Stoppers Hotline? Stymied Coppers
People that type in all caps are... Capitalists.
I post stuff in the wrong sub-reddits. AMA wait... FUCK
What do white supremacists drink at their rallies? White Powerade
Chuck Norris needs a monkeywrench and a blowtorch to masturbate.
What do you call a blind dinosaur? An Idontthinkhesaurus.
Someone said you sound like an owl. Who?
Why didn't Hitler drink tequila? Because it made him mean.
Whoever stole my dildo can go fuck themselves.
Snow Ain't the problem Isis
The problem with dieting is food.
Taking a nap until my carbon monoxide detector stops beeping.
What does an accountant use for birth  control? His personality.
Did you know that yeast cells are incestuous? They're in-bread.
I don't like cocaine I only like the smell.
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring nickelback
What is the rapper's favorite bread? 2 Grainz
I'm not superstitious, I'm just a bit stitious.
sighs "always the predator, never the prey..."
[running amok in flames] WHY ARE INFLAMMABLE THINGS FLAMMABLE!?
A baby seal walks into a club
Swimming Is Good For You... Especially if you are drowning.
What bird tastes just like butter ? A stork !
A man walks into a bar... He says "Ow"
Hey guys, look! Original content made it on to ifunny!
Where do terrorists store their money? In the West Bank
Worry: a waste of imagination.
Wanna hear a joke? Your life
Why did the Chicken cross road? With rice.
Describe myself in 4 words? Bad at counting.
what do you call a sad ditch? a depression.
What is Irish and sits on the porch? Patty O'Furniture
Why is six afraid of seven? Seven made six confused.
What would you call ISIS after they've been eliminated? WASWAS.
Dark humor is like kids with cancer... Never gets old
Facebook does NOT ruin relationships. Relationships ruin Facebook
If you say "gullible" very slow, it sounds like "butterflies"
There was a lot of this before MJ died. [img]http://i.imgur.com/oZxmOzJ.png[/img]
MY VIRGINITY
What's a hats favourite thing? Getting head
The Three Unwritten Rules Of Life 1. 2. 3.
I've wanted to post this forever. This.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? a rip off
I like putin The rest of the joke down here
How does a Russian catch fish? A niet!
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle
I'm not sure if I'm depressed Or just nihilistic
Trump's inauguration is like his hands: Tiny in comparison.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
I avoid making friends by being honest with people
Nothing brings a family closer at graduation than a flask.
I put the 'fun' in 'dyslexic'.
How do you throw a space party? You planet!
How do you spell relief? F-A-R-T
To where going Batman running fast? To the Bathroom
Freedom of speech [deleted]
What's a mathematician's favorite plant? Geometry
A conservative is beating a liberal in a debate [removed]
An officer gets shot in a marijuana raid...
Whats the KKK's favorite type of cake? Sheet cake.
What do you call an detective's glasses? Inspectacles
My dentist isn't racist. He has loads of plaque friends.
*Tries to go into debt* DEBT: I have a boyfriend
What did the "O" call the Zero? Weirdo!
The US economy That's the joke.
According to my current parking spot, I'm Chief of Police.
Where does the General keep hs armies? In his sleevies.
The movie was better than the book because I'm illiterate.
I like Jesus but he loves me, so it's awkward.
What happens when a lawyer takes Viagra? He gets taller.
What happens to a tipped cow? They can't MOOve
What's Bill Clinton's drug of choice? Blow.
Where does Saddam Hussein keep his plates? In Iraq.
Why are waiters terrible pornstars? They only want the tip
Birth control??? Here watch my kids for 10 minutes.
What is your mom's favorite animal? Macaque.
Why can't you surf on microwaves? Because they're too small.
Spaces matter in Spanish! Why? Because.
What is Walt Jr.'s favorite movie? The Breakfast Club.
Being fat is over weighted.- Elmer Fudd
What was the burglar doing at Wayne Manor? Robin.
It is well known...
I live in a hutch filled with vibrating cedar chips
How do circumcision doctors get paid? In tips.
That kid looks like me. Somebody should warn him.
What is Vladimir's computer always doing? ComPutin
What do you get a man who has everything? storage
What do you call a fish with 27 eyes? Fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiish
Knock knock Who's there? I got up.
I dated an hermaphrodite... It was an "hermaphrodate"
I'm not Madagascar, I'm just disappointedgascar
Remember to look both ways before crossing a woman.
What type of jokes don't work Dark jokes.
A nail walks into a bar And gets hammered.
A salmon that jumps on the hook for ya http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdAoQvqh7eY
Why is North Korea so polluted? They have supreme litter.
Don't compare whales to feminists... It's very offensive to whales
Stephen Harper lost the Canadian election. He was given aboot.
Where do they make satis? In a satisfactory
What does a toddler get drunk off of? Jack Danimals!
Where do Angelfish swim? The Holy See
International Women's Day That's the joke
"Titanic." "What??" &amp;nbsp; "Sorry, that wasn't a very good icebreaker."
Why do ghosts carry tissues? Because they have BOOOOgers.
Why didn't Edward leave his house? Because he was Snowden.
Write a quickly escalating inappropriate joke
I spilled spot remover on my dog Now he's gone.
What kind of batteries do stuttering Canadians use? Triple Eh's.
Who's going to lose the upcoming election? Society.
Anne Frank's famous last words. Brb, door
Son: am I adopted? Me: not yet, but we're hopeful.
What's a paralympian's worst nightmare? Testing positive for WD-40
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotopuss.
What is the fastest way to lose pounds? Leave EU.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts!
Reason why I'm single... Because it's impossible to be double.
Knock Knock Batman: Who's there? Alfred: Not your parents. :D
Why did batman leave church? Because Christian Baled
Chuck Norris is his own line at the DMV.
What do you get when you cross a Jew? Christianity.
where does a one legged waitress work? I-HOP
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroking Off!
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NAAAAAA!
Pros don't ever use the Tip.
Somebody told me to stop singing "Wonderwall." I said maybe
When is bingo harmless? When its B9!
What kinds of guns do T-Rex's prefer? ...mainly SMALL ARMS.
"I came, I added lettuce, I conquered" -Julius Caesar Salad
Particles make up everything! Fucking liars.
Imagine a buffet for the Gods... there's food for Thor.
What's a blind mans worst fear ? A prius
Whenever there is trouble, Justice League cums in a... Flash
How many bees are there in the world? A buzzillion.
Happy World Alzheimer's Day! Or was it yesterday??
How do mermaids give birth? Via Sea-Section
Farting in an elevator is.... WRONG.....on so many levels.....
What do you call a thug Australian mammal? a gang-aroo
why the animale go to the store? "chill" with friends
What type of car does a ghost drive? A BOOick.
White people sure do love generalizations.
Technically, setting someone on fire is burning calories.
What kind of doctor never leaves the hospital? An Oncologist
You know youre getting old when Santa starts looking younger.
What do you call an atheist bone? A blasfemur.
How does a witch tell time? With a witchwatch.
How did Jesus get so ripped? He does crossfit.
What do you call an ant sized villain? The *ant*agonist.
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080p
What is Tiger Woods favorite course? The intercourse.
Martin Shkreli's life
The final death of 2016.... Mariah Carey's live performance career
Does anyone know which homeless shelters provide wifi?
Hitler wasn't that bad. C'mon, he killed Hitler.
Sochi Nobody's going to be Rushin there.
What's Bill Clinton's favorite instrument to play? His whore Monica.
What's a priest on an egg called? A brother
What does a feminist use as a contraceptive? Her personality
3 mods walk into a bar [deleted]
October 10th was such a great day 10/10
/r/Jokes is broken
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WatAHHH!!
A blind guy walks into a bar *thud*
How long is a Chinaman? How long IS a chinaman
What did the teenage crow want for his birthday? a-CAW!
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur A lickalotopuss
What are parents that you can see through? Transparents
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear
What's a terrorist's favorite game? Jenga
No, sweetie. You can't see the moon with vernaculars.
You're fat. Fatty.
What do you call a gay avatar? A bender.
What keyboard layout does Miley Cyrus use? TWERQY.
What came first...? Kid Flash or Flash's Dick?
Karma is like 69. You get what you give.
r/Jokes, what are your best colour blindness jokes?
I'm like Global Warming... No one takes me seriously.
What did the egg say at the party? Omelet
When does CPR become necrophilia?
small joke truth or dare dare order us pizza
What is Hitlers favorite juice shop? Jamba Jews
What does Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashes? Nothing.
What do you call a political pig? A boar.
I'm surprised God doesn't make Christian Rock Bands sound better.
What's the richest kind of air? A millionaire.
What is a terrorists favourite dessert? Ice is
What does a blonde owl say? Why!
I killed someone with kindness today. Blood EVERYWHERE.
Why was the black man arrested? Good question.
Yo mama so greasy she sweats Crisco!
If you're walking on sunshine, please adjust your dosage accordingly.
I became a vegetarian  switched to weed.
Why are cows always broke? The farmers milk them dry.
Where do all the orphan chickens end up? Foster Farms
There's nothing funny about vagina jokes Period.
What sound does a shotgun make? Cobain Cobain
What do Snowmen call their offspring?  Chill-dren.
What sound does a banambulance make? Naner naner naner
Monster: Where do fleas go in winter?  Werewolf: Search me!
"Half a dozen" because saying 6' is way too long...
The biggest lie "I have read the terms and conditions"
What do you call a short, round-bellied Salarian? Mordin Volus
What does 90 year old pussy taste like? .....Depends.
If Emblem were a bad employee... Would you Fire Emblem?
In a parallel universe, Two bars walk into a man.
What did the Mexican family get for Christmas? Deported
What does a racist get for their birthday? KK-cake
Pants Up Don't Loot
Advice to the worm Sleep in late!
Original content Front page when?
Why can't Australians play chess? They keep saying check, mate.
Who's the top selling author in Russia? Salman Rush B
Once you've seen one shopping center... You've seen a mall.
My favorite word is plagiarism. I invented that word.
What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their parents? Roommates
Donald Trump gets elected Oops thought i was on r/nosleep
You guys know any Sodium jokes? Na.
Nothing says 'neighbours' quite like stealing each others WiFi
What do you call an epileptic puppy? Kibbles 'n Fits.
What is orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
How do gingers make friends? No seriously, im getting lonely.
He died doing what he loved: almost crossing the street.
Sikh turban dude
What do you call a broken can-opener? A can't opener.
Home is where your wi-fi connects automatically.
What kind of computer sings? A Dell.
Uber is driving me to drink. Literally.
You know what I find odd? Every other number
What is the unit of power? Yes
What's Hitler's favorite Chinese food? Lo mein kampf
What is it called when you call your ex? Ex-communication
What do you call two crows? Attempted murder
Political jokes offend me! They get elected too often.
Knock, Knock...
I'm currently stuck behind traffic lights. Fuck you Roxanne.
What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAAINS
Donald Trump The joke's in the title.
What has a bottom at the top? legs
What did zero say to eight? Nice belt!
What did zero say to eight? Nice belt.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Poop. There, you happy?
I bought a 32ft ruler. For extreme measures.
Three men walk into a bar... The fourth one ducks.
Schooner or later, sailors... ...engage in rudder nonsense.
87.53% of statistics are false Title
What is President Clinton's favourite game? Swallow the leader.
What is green and smells like paint? Green paint.
Internet explorer... The best browser for downloading a new browser
American police.
My phone never asks me to put my husband down.
How do hipsters buy their drugs? by the instagram.
My suicide notes just keep turning into grocery lists.
I've got reverse Benjamin Button disease.
What was a poor Roman citizen's favorite breakfast? Fruity Plebbles.
FB is the Flanders of social media, Twitter is Moe.
Smokey The Bear is the narc version of Yogi Bear.
What do you call a Nazi turkey? Joseph Gobbles.
How do you grow a cow? Plant its nuts.
What's the difference between humans and bullets? Humans miss Harambe
What's President Obama's favorite vegetable? Barack-oli
I wonder who is being John Malkovich right now.
How do you save a pirate's life? C P Arrr!
No wonder Jared lost weight... He doesn't like footlongs.
world's funniest joke: Liverpool FC winning the barclays premier league
Today I don't feel like doing anything. Except you
Just phished Forest Gump's Facebook password, it's: 1Forest1
Jokes about vaginas are disgusting... Period.
What comes after Q Jokes? /r/Jokes
What is Hitler's least favorite drink? Orange Jews
What do you call s'mores in Spanish? S'mas
What do you call Charlie Sheen in a wheelchair? ROLAIDS
What do you call an illegitimate female cow? Miss Steak
What does DNA stand for? the National Dyslexic Association
What washes up on small beaches? Microwaves!
What do you call a red-headed baker? A Ginger-bread man
Abortion... ...it brings out the kid in you.
to be Frank, i would have to change my name.
Why did the lion get lost? Because jungle is massive
Why are some girls so odd? Because they can't even.
Where do Mexicans shop for books? Borders
To Brie or not to Brie. That is the queso.
Someone told me today that I'm pretentious... Moi!?!?
What do you call a French sandal? Philippe Flop!
Good Night, Sleep Tight, Don't let Mike Tyson bite.
*Rides off into sunset* *forgets mobile* *Rides back*
What gets whiter as it gets dirtier? Michael Jackson!
Wrong Hole! - a love story
Jay-Z has an underachieving brother named Lay.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
What does a guy call his diabetic girlfriend? Sweet Pee
Math puns are the first sine of insanity Title
What did transferred epithet tell hyperbole? Calm your tits, bro
I once called my teacher mom I was home schooled
The Game You just lost.
Making Snacks by San Widge
Nothing fcuks up your Friday like realizing it's only Thursday!
What killed the Wicked Witch of The West? Splash damage
Round metal object they throw at the olympics Discuss.
You know who hates unexpected visitors? Osama Bin Ladin
A question that answers itself What is curiosity?
A Dyslexic man walks into a bra
Daddy, what's a transvestite? Ask mommy, he knows
The United States of America Yeah, That's it.
If you are anti-abortion... Are you pro youth-in-asia?
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? "the Dark Knight Rises"
What kind of sunglasses does Ned Flanders wear? Oakley Dokelys
Excuse me, do you like graves? Yeah, I dig 'em.
[creation of bats] God: stretch out that mouse
People who quit Reddit, what is life like now?
Was Billy Idol? No, he was moving at the time.
I hate to toot my own horn, but: [sad trombone].
"GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL" -Soccerates
What's longer than most relationships these days? This status.
Most people love a good munch box Lunch*
I hate buying Velcro.. it's such a ripoff!
Have you heard of the new Xman? Caitlyn Jenner
What is an MRI's favorite music? Metal
What kind of wood doesn't float? Natalie.
What do you call a flower in Florida? Orlando Bloom.
I hate being bipolar.. It's great.
Knock knock knock knock knock. Who's there? Michael J Fox
Yo mama's so stupid she can't pass a blood  test.
Which vitamin best helps a pokemon breed? PP Up.
What's green and sings? Elvis Parsley
To avoid a collision I ran into the other car.
What the hell is almond milk? Almonds don't have titties
How does a feminist know she's overweight? She doesn't
Whats Hitlers least favourite pokemon? Pikajew!
"Every cloud has a silver lining." - Terribly inaccurate meteorologist
Shit happens. Just flush the toilet and move on.
What does a vegan zombie eat? Graaaaaaaaaaains
What do you call a funny jar of sauce Lmayo
When there are no volunteers, they get appointed.
The NHL's ability to punish players.
I got my car crime-colored. It's black on black.
Did you hear about the suicidal comedian? He fell flat.
Having sex with children is fucking tight.
A fish swam into a wall... Dam.
How did the rednecks find their sister? Pretty good.
What is a Stealth Bomber's favourite Banana in Pajamas? B-2
What do you call a homeless orphan? Depressing
The escalator at the gym is broken, this is BULLSHIT.
Poop jokes are great, But sometimes they're slightly corny.
So a dyslexic man walks into a rab.
What do you call a dumb seal? An imbeseal
town of terrorism joke https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi_tTBfYQlI&amp;list=UUuWKX9oJE45RXSsvGTDTKKQ
You are what you eat? *eats Natalie Portman*
What's a cats favourite alcoholic drink? Whiskers on the rocks
What do you call a short Mexican? A paragraph
I have coffee before looking at art. Brews before hues.
What's a horrible icebreaker? The titanic
I had a near-life experience...I nearly quit Facebook.
How does Bran Stark get into a whorehouse? Hodor.
What's the hardest thing about skydiving? The Ground
Botanists should run the fashion industry... ...they really have style.
Don't play pocket hockey... the referee is a dick!
I like my enemies how Americans like their tea Weak.
What's the Russian word for Internet outage? Internjet
Jokes about stuttering are a big big no no
how to you circumcise a red neck uppercut his sister
What happens to deposed kings? They get throne away.
Why are Eskimos always alone? Because they like being ice-olated
Why is chili so annoying? Because it's always Jalopeno business.
Drink triple. See double. Act single.
Good news, insomniacs! Only 1 more sleep 'til Christmas!
What's your best haiku?
Life without women would be... a pain in the butt!
Which professional tennis player masturbates the most? Andy Rawdick
Want to hear a dirty joke? Mud!
why was the broom late for work? he overswept!
Incest! A game for the whole family
Wanna Hear a Corny Joke? no??? Awww Shucks
What does an alcoholic nun have? A bad habit.
What do you call an angry pastry? A croissant
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian?? Jah-Bless!
At least a zombie would love me for my brain.
What's sometimes white, sometimes red and sometimes brown? My dick.
I like winter.. ..it's cooler than summer
What is a whale's favorite song? Shout.
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee-grows
What's fat, sweaty, and bad at cooking? My ex wife!
Where does Noah store his bees? The ark-hives.
Baby Shirt Idea: Did 9 months in solitary confinement
What did Bill Cosby call Donald Trump? A rookie.
Manslaughter: The sound a man makes when laughing.
Where does the General keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
Why do Avon Ladies walk funny? Their lipstick.
What's an Ancient Roman's favorite sex position? LXIX.
What's everyone's least favorite dish? Cunt Pao Chicken!
What do you call a pallbearer from Oklahoma? A Karaoke
There's no harm in Pretending to smoke cigarettes
What position makes the ugliest children? Ask your parents
Every now and then, getting lost means finding your way.
What star sign is a donut? It's a Taurus!
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue
Of course, Ludacris isn't his real name. It's Louis D'Cristofferson.
I am all for women receiving equal rights and lefts!
Don't judge someone because they sin differently than you.
got so drunk last night that I ate a salad
What road do crazy people take? The Pyscho**path**
What's a woman's favourite brand of Applejack? Dickson Cider
imagine if poop was transparent. I'd completely lose my shit
What do Canadian girls have? Boobehs
How do I like my eggs? Umm in a cake.
What's the most popular dance in Warsaw? The pole dance.
The Universal Miss award goes to Steve Harvey.
How Do You Break Up With Your Girlfriend? www.AshleyMadison.com
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang Rape
B OO P Top View, Front View, Side View
What did sushi A say to sushi B? Wassa B.
Noah's flood = God clearing his browser history
Today's word is Legs. Spread the word.
Who sends flowers on Valentines Day?  Cupigs!
Today was... ... the best day of the year
I hate being bipolar It's awesome
a self-checkout line with 0 mirrors what a joke
What do you call a piano that approves. A piayes.
How did you get out of Iraq? Iran
What's another name for a hemorrhoid? A cock blocker
My hit song would be "Text Me Only"
What does a nosy pepper do? Get jalapeno business.
What kind of tumors do tough guys get? Heman-giomas
What do you have when life gives you melons? Dyslexia.
Being the President is seriously stressful. Kennedy lost his mind!
How do fish party Seaweed
What does a two-headed cat say?? Weow!
Who led the Jews across a semi-permeable membrane? osMoses
What do you call a cow's mate? Its significant *udder*.
Which blood type was created by mistake? Type O.
Why do slovaks don't like Czechs? They prefer cash.
What's the most offensive joke you've ever heard?
Q: How do dogs order eggs at restaurants? A: Pooched.
Would Orlando Bloom? No, but Elijah Wood.
SHUT UP. BEES CAN'T SPELL.
Two women are sitting together quietly . . .
Ikea Meatballs There certainly a sweDISH
I'm Absolutely Certain by R. U. Sure
When does the narwhal bacon? Not on January 18th.
How do hipsters measure weight? In Instagrams.
Whats long brown and sticky? A stick
After Babe Ruth died, the world became ruthless.
A man walks into a bar He says "ouch!"
Which Spanish superhero has three wives? Amor-Man
I can odd. But I can't even.
What day do soldiers hate the most? March Fourth
What's the difference between Ellen Pao and a pitbull? Lipstick
What do punctuation marks win in competitions? Apos-trophies
TGIF  Tongue goes in First
"prepare for battle" they said Yet they didnt prepare themselves
What is Obama's last name? care
I'm hiring a motivational speaker for my lazy eye.
What do you call 2 lambs dating? A relationSHEEP.
What do you call a techno-themed grocery store? Gigi D'Agostino
Short, but good nonetheless A midget philanthropist
When is decency going to be cool again?
What's the opposite of shell shock? Shell expectation
Alexander Godunov Is Alexander a good dancer?
Envelope containing poop. Sorry for the shit post.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw orgies.
[buzzfeed 1776] 21 Declarations You Won't Believe!
What do you call a really nice sex addict? Compassionate.
Gay jokes aren't funny Cum on guys
What do you do to backwards scented muffins? sniffum
Dwarf Shortage I know, it's a short joke
What do you call two crows together? Attempted murder.
Why do Scottish men wear kilts? Sheep can hear zippers.
How do nuns surf the web? On the Hymnternet.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot. 
I have developed an intolerance to gluten- -free people
Jesus Christ.. ...
Two guys walk into a bar... "Ouch!"
Poetry would be a lot harder if violets were orange.
What is Somailias national dish? An empty plate
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Have you ever tried eating a clock? It's very time-consuming.
Sarah Jessica Parker? Horse.
What is the best contraceptive for old people? Nudity
How does Moses make tea? He brews it.
A picture is worth three, maybe four words tops.
What do old people often do? Die
*crawls seductively across bed* *elbow gives out*
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
Keep the Earth clean! Its not Uranus.
What does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella for? Fo Drizzle!
3 Politicians go to Heaven...
What does 90 year old Pu$$y taste like? Depends...
When is a door a container? When it is ajar!
I drink because I care. About me. And drinks.
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween? They pump kin
Baby, it's cold outside. I checked my weather app.
Conjunctivitis.com Now there's a site for sore eyes.
When his I.Q. reaches 50, he should sell.
Multitasking: screwing up several things at once.
Where does geography and geography meet? The Bermuda Triangle.
How do you call fish with no eyes fsh
Nothing embarrasses a psychic more than a surprise party.
Where does the General keep his armies? In his sleevies
Go ahead and cremate your grandma, you've urned it.
Hell hath no fury like a woman slightly inconvenienced.
What's the most dangerous place in an Excel file? C4
What do you call a Mexican Jedi? A Padajuan
30 wolves 28 sheep how many did not 10
We should legalize heroin just for the commercials alone
*Relationship status* Me: I'm heading off now. Wife: Yayyy.
Superman wears Chuck Norris underpants.
Who does a dead pharaoh talk to? His mummy.
What's the opposite of running away and getting married? Anteloping.
What do you call a pall-bearer in Oklahoma? a Karaoke
A joke told by the mods of this sub. "Long"
I'm badman! bad to whom? whoman!
What is McDonald's demolition service called? Quarter pounder.
Maybe 6% of pens work. Terrible job, pen manufacturers.
Knock, knock. "Who's there?" "Annie." "Annie who?" "Annie body home?"
I thought I was wrong once But I was mistaken
An apple a day Keeps the government away
Say what you want about deaf people
The Anesthesiologist has become Comfortably numb.
"So....sad.....must...text...everyone I know..." ~ Girls
What do you call Batman who skips church? Christian Bail
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination? HAND-EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!
I hate three things in this world: math
Animal testing is pointless. We already know they're animals.
Modern Haircuts by Sean Head
What is Donald Trump's favorite holiday? Cinco De Porto!
I give this cheese an "A" I grated it myself
I have a nice body. It's out in the trunk.
What is Minion's favourite brand? Banana Republic~BA~NA~~NA~~~
What do you call a gay man's balls? Mud flaps
My 20y/o brother went to Elementary school.. To learn firebending
What's a control freaks favorite macro? Control+U
Have you seen Stevie wonders new house? He hasn't either
Whats blue and doesn't fit anymore A dead epileptic
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Bcuz 7 8 9!
What's sexist and not a concern for feminist? Misandry
Rap videos are completely unrealistic. Nobody has that many friends.
Knock knock... Who's there? Go fuck yourself.
I'm worried that I'm gonna get a super judgey coroner.
What is the National bird of Pakistan? Drone
Matchbooks exist just to be clues in detective movies.
What do you call four bees?? ....Be-fore
What do they call Miley Cyrus in France? Kilometrey Cyrus.
*tips fedora at mosquito* M'laria
What do you call a cannibal that eats relatives? Munchkin.
If you fall I will be there - Floor
Hear about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old...
these raccoons are a bad influence on me
Want to hear a joke about /r/science ? [Deleted]
"Johnny Depp looks good in that outfit!" "That's Diane Keaton."
Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
A man with Deja vu walks into a bar.
What do you call a red lemon? a Lenin. ;)
Jokes about menstrual cycles are stupid Period.
I'm not crying Those damn ninjas are cutting onions again
Currently, the Olympic host country has... One brazillian medals.
Muslims are boycotting Delta... Now making Delta the safest airline
Sixteen sodiums walk into a bar... ...followed by Batman.
What has 4 wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
White boards aren't just great They're remarkable
How does a plant walk? It uses a plant stand.
I hate using abbreviations idk y i h8 it doe
What do you call a scary pterodactyl A terroradactyl
"I prefer their older stuff" -Archaeologists
When she screams "deeper!"... But you're all out of poems.
If there's no God, why are feet naturally shoe-shaped?
I just brushed a whole tooth without looking at twitter
Never Trust an Atom. They make up everything!
How does a Jew make his tea? Hebrews it!
Male Feminists That's it. That's... that's the joke.
How do pirates measure rope? In yarr'ds.
He died doing what he loved, my now ex-wife
Why do bees have sticky hair? They use honeycombs.
Gimmie a topic and I'll make a joke. Go.
Do hesitant people order sparagus?
what do you call a gathering of nuns a convent-tion
I like my slaves like I like my coffee... Free
Remember, Mondays are fine. It's your life that sucks.
If Betty White killed someone, I wouldn't turn her in.
Who granted the fish's wish? Fairy codmother
What's a baby's favorite type of tea? Tit-tea
Where do adolescent gangsters go? The childhood
Where do bacteria like to vacation? Germany
Read It and Weep: A Book on How to Cry
A shark walked into a bark...
What did the zombie body builder say? GAINSSS!!!
How much does a German weigh? Teutons.
What do you call a deaf lesbian? Earmuff
So how do you confuse a blonde Redditor? [Answer](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2pi5rn/so_how_do_you_confuse_a_blonde_redditor/)
What bounces and makes kids cry? My child support checks.
"Ask your doctor if you're naive enough for Placebo."
A terrorist walks into a Akbar
What is bread's most deadly sin? Gluteny
How does a mathematician get Tan? Sin/Cos
Which mythical creature casts no reflection? All of them, technically.
What is Gucci Mane's favorite kind of cheese? Gruyeauuuurrrrrrrrrr
What did the porn star wear to court? Birthday suit
What's the difference between feminists and Nazis? The Nazis shaved.
Hey guys remember to visit Russia Before they visit you.
Remembering idioms is easy It's not rocket fuel
Chris Brown was the director of what film? Sucker Punch
What do you call a black Sasquatch? ...Nigfoot
I'm vegan until my next paycheck.
What's denser than a black hole? Your ex.
Vegan pizza.... is basically just the box.
What do snowmen call their offspring?  Chill-dren.
How'd the hillbilly Stump the Trump? He Berned it.
Why don't vegans eat chicken? Because it contains egg...
My girlfriend is homophobic... she's afraid I'm a gay.
what do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
Longest joke in the world Here it is: http://www.longestjokeintheworld.com
I think that pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
How did Jesus get so ripped? By doing Crossfit
What do you call a gay satanist? Sack-Religious
My husband's safe word is 'CRAMP!'
*lights a joint* Woah, fire! Ow! My elbow!
*Brings a hammer to a thumb war.*
How do you say Thanksgiving in Native American? Last Supper
Chuck Norris doesn't have blood. He is filled with magma.
I prefer shampoo to the real thing.
An Irishman walks out of a bar . . .
Whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops? It's counterproductive
Knock knock. (Who's there?) Ric Flair. Ric Flair WHOOO?!
What mythical creature is the most bloody? A hemogoblin!
Did you hear the one about the procrastinator?
A ghost walks into a bar... For the boos
What do you call a Polish dancer? A stripper
I quit cold turkey. I just reheat it now.
Knock Knock Fuck Donald Trump
What do composers prepare their ingredients on? A Chopin board
What do you call a homosexual on rollerskates? Rolaids!
What did Jaws call his solo banking firm? Loan shark.
What do you call the study of food prices? EcoNOM-NOM-NOMics.
What do you pasta with a witty comeback? Retortellini.
A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.
Do you have 11 protons? Because you're sodium fine...
What's a sailor's least favorite color? Maroon
what do you call a sleep-walking nun? A Roman Catholic
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: I'm terribly sorry. I suffer from colon cancer.
What Not To Upvote Clickbait
Why did John Snow get an iPhone? For the watch.
A baby Seal A baby seal walks into a club.
Whats Black White and Red allover Detroit in winter
FYI Don't make snow angels in a dog park.
What do you call a weak cup of tea? Subtlety.
She criticized my apartment... So I knocked her flat
Best gaming joke ever.. ..Riot match making
Why are turds tapered? So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
How can Donald Trump avoid impeachment? By dropping out now.
Which is Reddit's favourite element? M'lybdenum.
If jews had a planet I would call it Jewpiter
African American Letters. They are all blackmail.
Whoever invented the forklift over estimated the weight of forks
I'm 6'5" and I can't stop talking down to everyone
What do you call a stoned, dyslexic crow? A hybrid
These pants fit like a cheap hotel... No ballroom.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFHQzwNMo_Q klk utede dicen
What do you call cheese that's not yours? Colby Jack's.
What would Kim Jong Un call his children? His young'uns
I have a voluntary version of Tourette's.
Someone told me to stop singing Wonderwall I said maybe
Does anyone want a vacuum cleaner? Mine's just gathering dust.
What do you call frozen hamburger patties? Burrrrrrgers.
I'd catch a gently thrown tennis ball for you.
Difference between outlaws and inlaws? The outlaws are wanted.
Movies you wish Tom Cruise would star in: Remission Impossible
Why did 7 8 9? ...Fuck
Was that pun intended? Nope, unintended.
What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium
Can't sleep. Boss is watching.
What does Canadian Fonzie say? Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey, Eh?
Every cloud has a silver lining, except ver. 8.0.1
What keeps running and doesn't get tired? A Kenyan child.
What's it called when you kidnap a ghost? A Polter-Heist
Really glad that ventriloquism has made fisting mainstream.
Your huge boobs really bring out my eyes.
Of course size matters. No one likes a small pizza.
What's a gay man's favorite time? Eight a'cock
What happened to the adhesive suicide bomber? He glue up.
Wait, 12 years a slave isn't about marriage?
Why did Chewbacca cross the road? WWWRRRRRRGWWWRRRR!
The important thing to remember is that nobody asked you.
Why are jalapenos so annoying? Because they get jalapeno business.
I JUST HAD AN ESPRESSO WHO WANTS TO JOUST?
A wise man once said nothing.
What do you call a laptop that ejaculates metal? Computer
What do you call a pirate with polio? FD Arghhhh.
Where do modern-day pirates come from? Somaaaaaarlia
I remember 2016 Like it was just yesterday
What is green and smells like bacon? Kermit's fingers
What piece of furniture can you always trust? A Reputable.
Under what circumstance is mass a unit of time? Church
You can't hear a pterodactyl pee... Because it's silent.
Where do fish keep their money? In the river bank.
want to hear my limousine joke na its too long
How many lightbulbs does it take to change a lightbulb??
This is gonna be a really long one. Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeee
Cyber Monday! a/s/l?
I'm a dyslexic tree... My life is A-OK!
WIFE: *filing for divorce* ME: Are you mad at me?
I hate those unrealistic movies where women are friends.
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish
What is cheese's favorite music genre? R and Brie
"How is this grilling you?" - mom's 44th question
What word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly? incorrectly
What's an Australian's favorite element? Gold
What do you call a fat cow..? Your mum
What's a parrot's favourite game? Monopoly!
Just stabbed my uterus with a tampon.
Hate flying? Try American Airlines. They do too.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
What fun drink can put your kid to sleep? Bleach
How do chickens connect online? faceBAWK!
What do you call an Italian ghost? A Gabaghoul
Unsettling sounds #23 - Ice-cream van after dark
What Kind Of Bagel Can Fly? A Plain Bagel.
So many women, so little time to disappoint them all.
This guy.. igg.me/at/bustofabney Why is this a thing??
What do you call Abe Lincoln having sex? The emancipator-procreator.
Click to see something special something special
what cross road chicken
What is the definition of masurbation? Coming unscrewed
What type of shoes do pedophiles wear? White Vans.
Im not your friend, buddy
Where did the newlywed horses stay? In the bridle suite!
Waitress: would you like another drink? Me: Are you new?
"Hey, how was that sheep pussy?" Not Baaaaaaaad
"Hitler, no Hitlering!" said Dora. But it was too late.
What's a pirate's favorite digital image format? tARRRRRGa
What do you call a stick with autism? Autistic
What do moths study at school? Mothmatics
The United States government.
When is a door not a door? When its ajar
Reddit's future
What pop star has the biggest nipples? Areola Grande
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar haha just kidding
Forever 21... pounds overweight
I like my coffee, how I like my slaves. free
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalottapuss
I think RoastMe should be renamed... to DaisExMachina.
How many weeks are there in a light year?
Sia's full name is: "Sia...Wouldntwannabia."
Do extremely fat people still call them laptops?
At least Mexicans make good immigrants and don't bomb nobody.
What is the most awkward day in Harlem? Father's Day
In Soviet Unicorn, rainbow poops you!
Was JFK born in USA? Doubtful, he sounds Kennedyan!
"These fries are too crispy" - inventor of the microwave
What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaay!
I'm growing my prostate to raise awareness for moustache cancer.
To me funny is beautiful.
Why is it called Windows 10? Because 7 8 9.
Why aren't lions cannibals? They can't swallow their pride.
Sometimes I go days without even thinking about the Alamo.
How did Wendy die? The Baconator.
Why is the ocean salty? Because land doesn't wave back.
What do you call Bill O'Reilly? Ass seen on TV.
What do you call a girl with one leg. Eileen.
Every time I tell dad jokes He laughs
A dyslexic gets to heaven. God says woof.
According to my autocorrect, i'm wearing edible pantries
German sausage Ain't it the wurst?
Why is cocaine the alt-right's favorite drug? White powder!
Diarrhoea runs in my jeans
What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt.
What is the most positive thing in Africa? HIV
Mime Ninja Silent, But Deadly.
Wanna hear a joke about cats? Haha, just kitten.
What happens on Santa's lap......stays on Santa's lap.
Mitt Romney's dick tastes nice said Donald Trump.
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves are not happy.
*Feels the chill* Chill: I have a boyfriend
What do you call the survivors of the holocaust? Residue.
Atoms make up everything... so naturally you shouldn't trust them.
What do you call an Italian hooker? A pastatute!
I wasn't snoring.. I was dreaming I'm a dirt bike.
Justin Bieber? Why would someone call their daughter Justin?
Drinking Remember, it isn't drinking alone when you're pregnant.
I pick and choose the traffic laws I'll follow.
When stoves die... they go to hoven. I'm^so^sorry
What does DJ Khaled call his mexican friends? Another Juan
How embarrassing! I tripped and fell out of my clothes.
Two unconnected vertices? That's where I draw the line.
I'm not saying you're an idiot, I'm typing it.
Facebook: where English goes to die.
I wear gasoline for cologne because b*tches love money.
Sorry I romantically ran a seagull feather across your lips.
How many questions did the politician answer? 9/11
What do chickens serve at birthday parties ? Coop-cakes !
It Looks Like a Booger But it's SNOT!
What do you call a metalhead with a cold? Flemmy
women's rights
What do you get hanging from orange trees? Sore arms.
Why can't Helen Keller drive a car? Because she's dead.
What's the one thing Spider-man can't eat? Uncle bens rice
Why do owls not mate when it's raining? Toowet Towoo
I drink black coffee Because I'm not racist.
What kind of horses only come out after dark? Nightmares!
What brings the monster's babies? The  Frankenstork.
March Into Battle by Sally Forth
"You are what you eat." I'm about 90% burrito.
What is your favourite shaggy dog tale?
What do you call a paedophile crustacean? A Diddler Crab
What does a neckbeard call a disease or ailment? ma'lady
Your mom's like a gong, everybody bangs her.
In a Mexican restaurant, Are the restrooms called "Juans"?
airplane food whats up with that?
What got the apple into skydiving? Pear pressure.
What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves.
How do teenage boys keep warm? Jackit
What's that one place in Thailand called? Ahh Phuket. Nevermind.
What kind of pizza do pilots like? Plain.
I'm more than tenacious. I'm elevenacious.
Where do SJWs belong? In an oven.
Starbucks needs a separate line for people who say "um"
What do you call a fake shit? A sham poo
Every onion looks like it was in an abusive relationship.
Women are good for 70 things. cleaning house, and 69
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar
I hate Russian Dolls They're so full of themselves.
I'm on a dinghy!
What do Syrian refugees eat for breakfast? Syrial!
What does a duck put in its burrito? Quackamole.
A seal walks into a club... _
Runs with scissors Gets hit by bus
What is white and 14 inches long? Nothing.
"Nobody knows my suffering." - Everybody
How do astronomers plan a party? they planet.
What do you call a fat Asian? A chunk
Who was Mako Mori's existentialist monk brother? Memento.
Guess drunk? I'm what!
Poor superman.he can't go commando without the whole world noticing
Kinky involves a feather. Perverted involves the whole bird.
What do root vegetables do at tha club? Turnip
Of all the martial arts, karaoke inflicts the most pain.
"That was supposed to be a compliment." -Men
I have a black belt in leather
Every minute in america... Costs you 5 dollars.
I'd rather have leg hands than arm feet.
What do you call the Wal Mart cheer? Spelling classes!
I hate being bipolar it's awesome
Why don't women blink during sex? They don't have time!
"Welcome to fightclub you may now kiss the bride."
Seaside Treats by Rhoda Donkey
What do you call a terrorist video store? Blockbuster
What's gay and has no balls? A lesbian.
This guy just threw milk on me! How dairy....
Want to hear a joke about nitric oxide? sodium hypobromite
I like my women like my chicken... White meat only.
How do witches lose weight? They join weight witches.
Dead penis
The Laser Weapon by Ray Gunn
What's Darth Vader's least favorite temperature? Luke warm. ^^im ^^sorry
Why are all lesbians ill? They lack vitamin D
What is the most religious medicine? The Deacon gestant
What do you call playing chess against yourself? Chessturbation.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data.
Hey friend wanna hear a joke ? Another time.
Advice to women: don't confuse men with credit cards.
Where do Siths do their shopping? At the Darth Mall
Being all talk and no action sounds relaxing.
What do you call Adrian Monk when he's angry? Rasputin
What type of web developer likes finding bugs Spiders
What does Ebenezer Scrooge serve at his Christmas Party? Humburgers!
Women like silent men... they think they're listening!
Do the French play video games? Wii
What's Medusa's favorite cheese? Hehehe.. Gorgon-zola
I like my coffee like I like my slaves. Free.
Before calling me, ask yourself, "Is this textable?"
What happened when Bush took Bin Laden's Lunch Money? 9/11.
&gt;be 17 &gt;miss [(For those who don't get it)](http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2012/4/4/1333548711318/Battleship-board-game-001.jpg)
What do you call a Rhinoceros in heat? Horny.
I ate some crickets last night. Gave me the runs.
What's the opposite of condescending? [gif](http://25.media.tumblr.com/6b1b800af79638830eef30deb8163bbf/tumblr_ms1l531JGu1s29n2zo1_250.gif)
What was Hitler's favorite game? Nahtzee.
The biggest joke of all time! My existence
I used to be schizophrenic... but now we're ok.
Is mingerbread the opposite of stud muffin?
What is a Nazi baker's secret ingredient? White Flour!
What's a capitalist's favourite dessert? PROFITeroles. Bad, I know.
I've been told I'm oblivious. I had not noticed this.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes.
How's your homophone needlepoint project coming along? Sew sew
Collection of totally offensive jokes, not for the faint hearted
Why did italy cross the road? To switch sides
Offensive jokes? Is there a subreddit for this?
Onion books. Read 'em and weep. (Credit to Andrew O'Niel.)
I participated in a trigonometry competition I got secant place.
The key to comedy? Perfect del ivery
Ill draw a drawer But I won't doodle a doodle.
What do redditors give one another on Christmas? Gifs.
How do philosophers shave off their beards? Occam's razor
What tastes good on pizza but not on pussy? Crust
Why is fishing dangerous? Sometimes, there's a catch
"Truth or dare" "Truth" "What's your credit card number"
A Day in Court
*God provides manna from heaven* "Is there gluten in this?"
Best alzheimer's joke
Why was the beach wet? Because the sea-weed.
How do Protestants like their orange juice? without Pope
My husband needed more space... So I locked him outside
Joke of the week... /r/leagueoflegends Lmow
"Sorry, I don't date block guys."- racist lego woman.
What was Hitler's favorite drink? Orange jews.
Never cry for an onion that doesn't deserve you.
Asians aren't bad drivers. They're just disoriented.
Getting mad at commercials for having interracial families
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Tennish...
What does a baby computer call its father? Data
What do you call a fat, Italian-American ghost? A gabaGHOUL!!
Bee. The reason he needs an epi pen.
I like camping but... it's so in tents
How Do Rednecks Celebrate Halloween? They Pump Kin.
Why did the Chicken Cross The Road?
Why do businesses move to India? Because they worship prophets!
Our conscience is clear- we don't use it.
What kind of pictures do hermit crabs take? Shellfies
Drake started from the bottom. Of Darwin's evolution chart.
Steps to being cool A) Use the sunglasses face B)
Funny, this warrant doesn't feel so outstanding.
Everyone has a photographic memory, some don't have film.
What's the difference between reddit and facebook? Reddit is better
"That sucked." -Elephants who just saw The Peanuts Movie
What is the definition of confusion? Father's day in Harlem
Someone asked me to stop singing wonderwall I said maybe
The Titanic was built to last, let that sink in.
The definition of an oxymoron /r/Productivity
A penny saved... ... is 350 Trillion Zimbabwe dollars earned!
What does Tony Stark call his semen? Pepper spray
Yay! The Democrats won the World Series!
Tell me what just happened in France! ...Oh, Nice!
Why does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella? Fo drizzle
What is a Jawa's favorite drink? Martini
How do you like your eggs? Over here
What's Christopher Nolan's favorite song? BBBRRAAAAAAAHHHHHMMM...'s lullaby.
*ruins your party with a can of Serious String*
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice? polar-oids
What's the difference between snowmen and snowomen? Snowballs
A book never written: "Secret Societies" by E. Lumin Audi
I Would Flex But I Like This T-Shirt.
What do you call an escape artist dog? Basset Houndini
What did the Roman premature ejaculater say? Veni, Vidi, Veni.
What do you call playful insults between terrorists? Talibanter
What's a somali's favorite sport? Cross-country
Who Let The Dogs Out? Ramsay Bolton.
There's this great joke I read on 9gag...
Wanna hear a pizza joke... never mind it's too cheesy
I don't have shit to say and
Why was 6 afraid of 7? 7 did 9/11
What group would an obese racist join? The cake-cake-cake.
What do you call a fake Sony phone? Phony
What do skeletons like to put on their meat? Grave-y.
I quit watching awards shows, because I never win anything.
I tell you what makes my blood boil, faulty spacesuits.
Yo mama's so mean... She has no standard deviation.
What did the potato name his son? Chip. Sorry.
Of course my days are numbered.. That's how calendars work.
What's the square root of 69? Eight something.
What snakes are good at sums ? Adders !
Siri, fight Alexa.
Dead memes are like dead babies They never get old.
How do weathermen get up a mountain? They climate
How are people from Kentucky like flour? They're inbred.
Just accidentally deleted all my contacts. Best day ever.
What do you a pterodactyl that can't fly? Inosaur.
I'm Homy... I bet 99% of you pervs misread that.
i have 1 queston for u what are thoooose
Roman mythology in 3 words The fuck's plagiarism?
What do you call someone with no arms? Disarmed.
[BDSM] I accidentally flogged another dominatrix's client Oops, wrong sub
What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer?
Tax time is when I'm grateful that I'm detal oriented.
"I'm cold" - a talking ice cube or a woman
What Metallica song does Captain America hate? Trapped Under Ice.
I hate tacos. -Said no Juan ever
What does Batman put in his drinks? Just ice.
I have feelings for you. Please take them and leave.
How to get fucked up in bakery? Get creampied.
A man walks into a bar... ...ouch
The worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses.
I tried to catch fog yesterday Mist
This year's Christmas must-haves? Food, water and shelter! #theclassics
Reddit is like Playboy Nobody reads the articles...
How do you shut Donald Trump up? Muzzle-im
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it ;)
What do you call a wandering caveman? A Meanderthal
What is Donald Trump's rap name? Toupee Fiasco
How do zombies communicate in times of war? Cryptic code.
Like a good neighbor, StateFarm is...
Hey! It's Cyber Monday... a/s/l?
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before they got married? Feyonce
What do you call 'a woman's understanding'? Misunderstanding
Reason for ER visit: Injured in a masturbatory frenzy Again.
Women are generally speaking
Have you heard what I think of windmills? Big Fan.
Don't spell part backwards It's a trap
What do lesbian vegetarians eat? Vaggie burgers
What separates the men from the apes? The Mediterranean Sea.
What is Kim Kardashian's favorite hockey team? The Chicago Blackhawks
Do you know what's fucking intense? Camping with your girlfriend.
What is Hitler's favorite type of car? A fuhrari
Burn victims never travel alone They always stick together
What sound does a Turkey make? "coup coup"
What does a zen ghost say? Boo, duh...
Do you know how to avoid click bait? Obviously not...
What's Jared's favorite Subway bread? Italian Herbs and Child Pornography.
Have you tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they
How are airplanes and women alike? They both have cockpits.
Turkey Is going to get served very soon
Where does beef come from? Cowschwitz.
What's worse than a talking parrot joke? The Holocaust.
What does a dog get at the vet? [FIXED]
What do vegetarian worms eat?? Linda Mcartney
An irishman walks out of a bar .
You've said it before and I'll say it again -Plagiarists
Where do dinosaurs get their pickles from? Vlasic Park
I hate Mexican jokes... They always cross the line.
Sex. Yes, it's a short joke.
What do you call a muscular Arab? Protein sheikh
[commercial for soup] NARRATOR: ever wanna drink a sandwich?
How do you poison a hipster? Gluten
I love getting Halloween candy... It makes me Snicker(s).
'You look fat' is both an ice-breaker and a bone-breaker
Net flips and krill? - killer whale text
What did pirate say when he turned 80? AYE MATEY
"Black Lives Don't Matter," Said the nihilist.
What do they call soda in Rome? Pope.
Saying "unwanted houseguests" is redundant. I just call them houseguests.
wh is bhdiffrnece bet?wen corn it's the method
Army Jokes by Major Laugh
What is a horse's favourite wine? Equine.
I just did absolutely nothing for this Klondike Bar.
what kind of pants does the godfather wear? al pa-chinos
Hillary Clinton Style Condoms! *Rigged for her pleasure*
Which fraternity was George Lucas in during College? Psi Phi.
How many mangoes make a dozen? Six girls ;)
How do you make a whore moan? With peptides... Sicko..
What do you call a dehydrated frenchman? Pierre
What do you call an road construction aardvark? A tarredvark!
Recreational drugs? No thanks, I went pro years ago.
Reddit is like my ex. The biggest time waster ever.
Tips African country M'lawi
Everyone's inner douche comes out when naming their wifi network.
My son also calls crystal meth, "Cwistal Math"! A-dorable! ;)
What does a buff zombie want? Gaaaaaaaiiiinnnnnnnnnssssss.
World's shortest resign letter. Dear Sir, Waak! thuu. Thank You.
CAFFEINE-FREE DIET COKE: BECAUSE YOU LOVE CARAMEL COLOR
Whodunnit ? by Ivor Clew
My nights 50% sleeping 50% avoiding getting up to pee
[OC] What does a blind pessimist say? "What glass?"
"Avocado Kedavra" -Harry Potter before tuning his enemies into guacamole
(Pickup line) Are you a test-tube baby? Because you're perfect.
How do you help a lemon? Lemon-aid.
Fish Joke of the Day I want to krill myself.
My dog has no nose. How does it smell? Awful
I wouldn't say I "missed" your call.
If a quiz is quizzical, what is a test?
Roses are red.. I'm in debt.
What is a Mexican weather report? Chilli today hot tamale.
[NSFW] Warning Explicit Content This form is explicit. y=x^2
Shoutout to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets.
How do you spell Canada? C-Eh?-N-Eh?-D-Eh?
Electing Trump would really strengthen our dollar Sincerely, Canada
Why won't alligators attack lawyers? Professional courtesy
How do Spaniards take their coffee? Au lait.
According to my current parking spot I'm a physician
Why can't gingers run? Because they have no soles
HOW DO WELSH PEOPLE EAT CHEESE? CAERPHILLY
What game do tornadoes like to play?  -Twister
What do you call a flatulent teacher? A tutor
I gave love a bad name. I called it Harold.
How do you say "whoops" in German? World War 2
What kind of cake stops blowjobs? (NSFW) Weddding Cake
What do you call a German tampon? A twatstika.
What do you call a spinning potato? A ro-tater.
Santa Claus came early! Mrs. Claus wasn't too happy.
How did Jim Henson die? He Kermitted suicide
How do you get a mermaid pregnant? You fuck her.
A dog made out of diamonds is everyone's best friend.
Sleeping pills? Who needs those? We've got PowerPoint.
I heard the best time travel joke tomorrow.
CS:GO's New One-Shot Revolver http://blog.counter-strike.net/index.php/2015/12/13288/
What's brown and sticky? A stick...
How do you say virgin in German? Goodentite
If booze isn't the answer, then your question sucks.
Who was the first mathematician? A concave man
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
For sale: One parachute Used once, never opened.
How does Bob Marley like his donuts? With jammin'.
That thing your kid said wasn't funny.
I'm so lazy I bought a black Snuggie for funerals.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Stegosoreass.
Please, call me Seahorse. Mr. Seahorse was my mother.
Everything is rightly confused.
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide? Artificial Intelligence.
What does a light bulb filled with gas?
Frankly auto correct,I'm getting tired of your shirt.
Did you hear about the avon lady ? Max Factor
Met someone on Craigslist, guess I'm dating a grill now.
[Jokes] The three girls LOL FUNNY!
Have you ever tried Nicaraguan food? They haven't.
You never can trust atoms... Because they make up everything!
What do you call pasta in a poor neighborhood? Spaghetto
What does a Chihuahua play basketball with? A tennis ball!
Atoms are liers... the makeup everything
What kind of bug can survive all winter? A bahumbug!
The only thing that bakes at room temperature. Stoners.
Two's Company, Three's a Crowd
What happens when the smog lifts in Los Angeles? U.C.L.A
this asian is Hannibal Lecter At the animal shelter
I watched Mad Max: Fury Road today.
Where did vampires go to first in America?  New-fang-land.
TIFU By Eating My Boss's Sandwich Oops wrong sub.
Why did the chicken... ...cross the Mobius strip?
R.I.P Satoru Iwata He's pushing Peaches and Daisies now.
Does anyone use question marks properly anymore.
A man with Alzheimer's walks into a bar.
What do you call a scary horse? A night-mare.
Batman Arkham Knight PC port
A guy walks into a bar of soap.
So a Latvian man went to Idaho Because he died.
Just trying to figure out how the text box works
What is a Mormon's favorite movie? Lord of the Rings
I built a lighthouse... but it blew away.
What do you call a corrupt lawyer? Senator.
Ladies and gentlemen, my browsing history... [deleted]
How to 4-dimensional aliens get around? In Tralfamadoloreans.
Someone sly sheared sleeping sheep. Talk about shear terror.
My grandma just broke her hip farting! #EpicFrail!
What do you call a fear of Alkaline? A pH-obia
Why are Jew's noses so big? Because air is free.
ELI5: What are thoooooooose?!?
I'm single by choice. But it's not my choice.
If ignorance is bliss then explain Facebook.
Sweet Potato Philosophy "I think therefore I yam."
If a vegetarian eats vegetables... What does a humanitarian eat?
How does a cow add and subtract? With a cowculator.
What did the drowning mathematician say? Logloglogloglog...
The greatest joke about being gullible
My wife's cooking is incredible. With a silent 'cr'.
Studs put the stds in u.
How do you make something go viral? Herpes.
What's the hardest part of skydiving? The ground.
What type of transporter does Mr. Scott use? A Beemer.
What's the hardest part of skydiving? The ground!
How do you keep a retard in anticipation?
Everyone has a thigh gap... ...when they're doing the splits.
How does a water bear sleep? It Hydronates
I recently started smoking... It was all dunhill from there
How does Homer Simpson say watermelon in French? Melon D'OH
What is Donald Trump's favorite movie? Minority Deport
Report: Underpaid bowling alley employees to go on strike.
The Best Knock Knock Joke All Day! Fuck you Chad.
You know those before-after models? I'm a professional before model
What is a jewish golfer's favorite vegetable? A parsnip.
(p + l)(a + n)=pa+pn+la+ln I just foiled your plan.
Is your pH 14? Cause you're a basic bitch
What do you call a stylish molecule? A molecool.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? Carrot!
Don't you just hate when people reply with "This?" This.
What's the exchange rate for pigs and trees? A porcupine.
What do you call noodles that aren't spaghetti? Impastas
What do you call fake pasta? An impasta
If you make an oriental dizzy.... does he become disoriented?
My black friend wears Ask body spray.
Do old men wear boxers or briefs? Depends.
How do you organize a space party? You planet ;)
What's a Brooklyn contractors favorite dance? Dewalts
I can't wait for Alien vs. Predator vs. Liam Neeson.
I like my Starbucks like I like my slaves Free
What is a bacteria's OTHER favorite dish? The PETRI dish!
What do you call a know-it-all Mexican? A Solution Manuel
[Scientific Conference] Scientist 1: So science? Scientist 2: *nodding* Science.
I'm being managed by Don King again
I'm white, but not have good credit white.
Minecraft isn't wheelchair assessable.
Does anyone have experience flipping tables? Im sure i do.
Reddit's future:
You know what's really odd? Numbers not divisible by 2.
What's a nice guys favorite type of wood? M'hogany
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle
What was Adolf Hitler's favourite computer game? Mein Kraft.
Dont do phone sex Or you'll get hearing aids
A stitch in time... Would confuse Einstein
"Thirteen, thirteen, thirteen, thirteen... " Fourteen, fourteen, fourteen, fourteen...
What do you call a gay chemist? Homogeneous.
BREAKING: 30 people feared soothed in Yankee Candle fire.
What is the name of your friend's advisor? Budweiser
Hyperbole: Literally the worst thing ever.
RSVP: yes         no                      yes now but then no later on
Why is the mathematician mad? Because he's a calcul-hater.
Why couldn't the Pokemon tell a joke? Because he fainted.
Trying to find an anagram for mobile piss' is impossible.
How did the Vagina want her eggs cooked? Ovaries-y
Top 3 invisible things: 1) 2) 3)
Why didn't Trump drown? Because shit floats.
Why did hitler commit suicide? He saw the gas bill.
Whats black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer.
The ancient Egyptians loved cat videos.
Fact: all boots were made for walking.
Why do lesbians have cats? They're into pussies.(;
What do you call the study of Japanese sound? Yakuztics
What's the most problematic time of day? 4:04
What do gangsters put on their nachos? Glock-amole
Why did ancient Egyptians love beans? They made Tootin' Common.
Honey, I'm pregnant.. Hi Pregnant, I'm dad.
Last name: Ever. First name: Greatest. Middle name: Hashbrowns.
Ugh I completely forgot to do something with my life.
What do you call a bad Italian neighborhood? The spaghetto.
What do you call a gay rock. A fruity pebble.
Anyone wanna have a pun war? Just for phun.?
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her enough
My dad used to beat me... At tic-tac-toe.
What is a horses favourite TV show?  Neeeebours
What's the definition of Parity? Two parrots exactly the same!
How does a racist laugh? He sniggers.
What do you call ghosts commiting bank robberies? The Polterheist
You guys wanna hear a joke? Ellen Pao
What's a mole's favourite fruit? An Avagadro.
Quidditch. Scratching yourself with a pound coin.
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see
What are the coldest triangles? Ice-sosceles
Dark Humor is like food... Not everybody gets it.
What is the most confusing day in Harlem? Fathers Day!
why did the lion win the race? because he mufasa.
What is it called when two birds kiss? A Peck.
What is a Cambodian's favorite meal? Pol Pot.
Wanna hear a joke? The WNBA.
What do you call an underwater ride sharing service? Scuber!
What are bananas high in? Trees!
What's a Russian's favorite Italian dish? Pepperoni Picza!
What do you call a joke with no punchline?
How do you prevent alcoholism? Shots.
Submit a joke. how do i submit Donald Trump?
What is an astronaut's favorite power tool? An orbital sander
Why do melons have traditional weddings? Because they can't elope!
My doctor says my emoji use is keeping me young.
Poor Caitlyn Jenner. She missed Mothers Day &amp; Fathers Day.
Why did the feminist fail in programming? She hated objectification.
Why did Sally fall down the hill? I pushed her.
The word "fireplace" really reveals the creativity of our ancestors.
Case of the Pregnant Lady joke
Atheism... ... is a non-prophet organization.
I have a nice body. It's in my trunk.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaiiinnss.
What is uglier than an aardvark? Two aardvarks!
I am schizophrenic, AUA
What's a wavelength's favorite animal? A lamb, duh!
What do you call a tall buffalo? Buffahigh
Why are peppers irritating? Because they're jalapeno business!
If you are here - who is running hell?
How does the Moon get its haircut? Eclipse it!
Where does the cynic go to pray The Cynicgogue
What happens when Nigel Farage makes a promise? He brexit.
What is green and smells like paint?!? Green paint.
Hey guys, I invented a new word! Plagiarism
I would make an economics joke But there's no demand
What's a pirates favorite material? ~~Arrrgyle~~*YARRRN!*^Thanks ^Bravesurf
What's your least favorite race? I personally can't stand 5K's
Being bald It means you went back to your roots.
Chef's favorite personal dish? Stroganoff
What is the speciality of Alan Turing? He was homogeneous
Why couldn't Beethoven find his music teacher? He was Haydn
What do mice eat during the summer? Micecream
What do you call a whiny dog? A chi-WAAA-WAAA!!!!
What do you call money that grows on trees? Marijuana
The Eddie Izzard Diabetic Suicide Prevention Hotline 1-800-CAKRDTH
pool party at my house, bring ur own pool
You're more useless than a...
What's the Middle East's favorite candy? YemenHeads
My friend told me this one. 18+ inside, nsfw. 19
What can bring The Beatles back together? Two more bullets.
Han Solo had a much cooler older brother called Drum
Abstinence makes the church grow fondlers
Virgin Airlines should just be itself. It'll happen eventually.
I want a sex change. From "none" to "some".
Whats 2 + 2 ? A math problem.
My in-laws are visiting... This is their homicide note.
*logs on* jesus christ *logs off*
What is 1000 laughs called? A gigglehert
Life is complex... it has both real and imaginary components.
Bread goes in, toast comes out. EXPLAIN THAT, ATHEISTS!
What do the elderly eat? Dementos
What was the smoking bee full of? Nicosting!
What did the ghost say to the bees? Boo Bees
What's a fat kids favourite instrument? The dinner bell
What is H20 Made out of? 20 hydrogen atoms.
19th Ammendment
What's the difference between terrorists and tourists? Terrorists have sympathizers.
"The snack that smiles back..." "Babies!"
Hahaha you're killing me. ~Me to this cigarette.
Facebook needs an "I've already seen this on Twitter" button.
"So, you speak German?" "NEIN!"
What has nine arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
Where do ants go for their holidays ? Frants !
Which vampire ate the three bears' porridge?  Ghouldilocks.
Why don't robots have any brothers? They all have transisters.
What do you call a homesick Asian? Disoriented
I'm on a pepperoni pizza cleanse.
What's green and german? Snotzis.
Where do girls have the curliest hair? Africa.
I would lose weight ... But I hate losing ...
The Worst Journey in the World by Helen Back
"I am leg end" - a foot
My coffee tastes like dirt! What gives? It's fresh ground.
What is a crocodile's favorite food? Post to /r/askscience asshole
Just did 100 crunches. Crumbs everywhere.
Who handles font related crimes? A sans sheriff!
*Crosses fingers* *Fingers plan their revenge*
Q: Where does an ape sleep? A: In an apricot.
Who's aardvark's favorite male singer? Frank Sinostril!
What was the name of the Indian DJ? Sikh Beats.
What do you call a Mesoamerican unicorn? Unimaize
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
Do not, under any circumstances, talk to my parrot!
Who is FAPMAN's greatest nemesis? The Stroker.
How did the bottle of whiskey laugh? ...wryly.
'Benjamin Button.' 'BENJAMIN WHO?' 'Benjamin' 'WHO'S THERE?' 'Knock knock!'
I heard you guys like nooses..... We should hang together!!
Why the Spainish love English class.... Essays
I don't trust stairs They're always up to something
How does an Alzheimer's patient celebrate New Years? Kissing strangers.
MAXIM MAGAZINE: BECAUSE YOU'RE TERRIFIED OF NIPPLES
I hate eating vegetables. The wheelchair doesn't go down easy.
RIP evaporated water.... ...You will be mist
'Cracker' is racist. They should be called Crispy Baked Squares.
What do you call a 45 pound Ethiopian? Fat.
What's another name for floor pie? 3.
What do you call a gay Jamaican? A Pokemon.
I hate jokes that leaves you hanging. They [Deleted]
Guy Fieri's parents were two lyrics websites
Knock knock...
"I kid you not" -Abortion doctor.
If I rape a prostitute, Is it shoplifting?
What do you call a computer that sings? A Dell
According to my neighbor's journal, I have "boundary isues."
Where does Vladimir keep his shit? In his poo tin
What do you call 256 Shades of Grey? Grayscale
Unless you can be Batman, always be yourself.
I'd kill a two-year-old... ...to get with Casey Anthony
What do you call clothes for a car? A tire.
What's Donald Trump's favorite dance move? Hit the Juan
Why get thinner when you can get more dinner?
what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? gang rape
Send message without subject? Yes, Gmail. f$ck off.
What's the most Jewish instrument? The Sachs
A cell's sister stepped on the cell's toe. "Mitosis"
Children give terrible gifts because they're poor.
What's the definition of a will? (It's a dead giveaway)
What do you call fat dubstep? Chubby wubby
HOT local grizzly bears dying to eat YOU!
Life is like a penis.. Women make it harder..
You know what I don't get? Jobs.
How does Hitler organize his juice? By concentration
What does a neckbeard eat for breakfast? Pankeks.
What do gay horses eat? Cock
Have you ever had African food? Neither have they.
test :notes:
What doesn't kill you, forces me to reload.
Fun trick: Swap guacamole with wasabi, then watch.
HEY GUYS I'M AT NXNE! WHERE THE HELL IS EVERYBODY?
Scott Stapp thinks he's Bono. Six Feet From The Edge.
What did the homeless man get for christmas ? Hypothermia.
Neil never had a girlfriend... So Neil Armstrong.
Maybe installing Freudian Autocorrect was not the breast idea.
What goes dot dot dash squeak ? Mouse code !
What do you call an openly gay detective? Surecocks Holmes
I just love rehydrated raisins They're grape.
What's Moby Dick's dads name? Poppa Boner
What is better than Porn? HD Porn
Who has more money than God? His Ex-Wife.
So I went to the proctologist.... [insert joke here]
Politics is an "I'm not an asshole" contest for assholes.
What do you call Minecraft in Germany? NEIN-CRAFT!
Well r/boobs is still working fine!
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation? Discrimination
How Do You Create Artificial Intelligence? Dye a blonde's hair.
What do you call a spoiled sausage? A brat-wurst.
What Do Ghosts Like To Stare At? BooBees.
Today I will be communicating exclusively through farts and meows
I think the government just un-friended us.
Condoleeza Rice's less successful sister is Apartmentleeza Rice.
What's a cats favourite dictator? Chairman Maow
Why can't pedophiles eat butter? It will raise their molesterol.
Thoughts on "The Hunt for Red October"? oops, wrong sub.
My mother is in the hospital... She's a nurse.
What do rioting jewish people throw? Mazel tov cocktails
What do you get from pampered cows? Spoiled milk!
Mitt Romney's Presidency.
About to go for a run, because shoplifting
"I woke up like this" [looks terrible]
Liquid ASS Prank In Aunts Room
What comes after Ebola? Fbola.
How does a Liverpudlian get to work... He doesn't.
...how is life in North Korea? I can't complain.
Bob unknowingly sat on a chainsaw. ;
BREAKING: Republicans may oppose President Obama's decision to skip breakfast.
I'm biased: I have four buttocks.
What do you call a monkey in a suit? Over-dressed!
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? A: Snowballs.
Yo mama so fat... She makes Chow Yun-Thin. (sorry..reddit)
If anyone can put the "i" in "Team" it's Apple.
Why don't blind people go skydiving? It scares their dogs.
"Meh" -apathetic cow
Today I went down on my girlfriend Period.
Alsation: What is your favorite holiday?  Chihuahua: Howloween!
What do you call a bra designed for neutrois? Ze-bra
Chuck Norris can win an argument with his wife.
What's small, black and full of cobwebs? An ethiopian's asshole.
Why can't Stephen Hawking dance? Because he's white.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. .....
What do lawyers use for birth control? Personality.
How to avoid falling trap to clickbaiting? Sorry, you can't!
I'm fluent in Morose Code. -Debbie Downers
Who looks after the EuroDisney website? Mick e-mouse.
What's it called when Batman leaves church early? Christian Bale.
"Entertainment News" is a strange way to spell gossip.
This whole time I thought Ariana Grande was a font
I tried eating a clock once It was time consuming.
Want did the Alzheimer say to the shoe?
Relationship or hallucination? Either way, I'm seeing somebody.
"Haha, you thought I was a quarter." -nickels
If Apple made a car... Would it have windows?
whats a vampires teabag? tampons (used of course)
I shall final no more forever. -Schooling Bull
Guns don't kill people... ...bullets do.
Fuck you, little sticker on produce!
What do you call a Jewish piano? A cash register.
What is Adam Johnson's favourite kill streak? Predator missile
Offensive Jokes these are the worst jokes ever be warned
What do you call a pile of kittens? a meowtain!
What do you call a women with one leg? ilene
Whats my knee's favourite channel? Dis-knee channel.
In heaven there is never a line at Chipotle.
What kind of doctor is always on call? An oncologist.
Who took the spoopy from the spoopy jar? mr skeltal
What's the only thing politicians stand for? Reelection.
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman? Rick O'Shea.
Rape jokes aren't funny. They're always forced.
what"s the difference between tuna and chicken? a shower
What kind of bagel can fly? A plane bagel.
How do you pay a bartender? With bar tender.
What is Call of Duty called in Afghanistan? The Sims
Ill tell you what I know about Dwarves Very little
Have you ever ordered a honeymoon salad? Lettuce Alone.
Why are pills white? Because they work.
Don't ask me about my pan pizza... It's personal.
How do birds learn to fly? They just wing it.
What's the best time to go to the dentist? 2:30.
What's long and smells like shit? The unemployment line.
John Cena Bum buh duh dum. Bum buh duh dum.
What do you call an Indian stoner? Man, deep
What's the longest Island in New York? Long Island.
You wanna hear a joke? Women's rights
Hoo-dini And now I wait..........
Why did Night fall? Because Day tripped him.
The Worst Striker by Mr Goal
Which lake is named after the Cleveland Steamer? Titicaca
Click for Joke! You're good looking.
Where did Sally go when the bombs fell? Everywhere.
What do you call an epileptic in a bush? Russell
What do they call aborted fetuses in Prague? Cancelled Czechs.
Why are gay men so rude? Because they're fucking assholes.
Q: What's the richest kind of air? A: A millionaire.
Whats a Mexicans Favorite sport? Cross-Crountry
How does Hitler like his orange juice? Freshly squeezed.
A hispanic man with a rubber toe His name...was Roberto
My New Year's Resolution 1920 x 1080
What lottery did the broom win? The sweepstakes.
One man's whore is another man's whore.
Want to get really stoned? Commit adultery in Iran.
Haegel, Nietzsche and Aristotle walk into a bar... Why?
Jesus Christ excrement unearthed in Isreal.... "Well, Holy Shit!"
Let's take all the bad science jokes... And barium.
What beer do elderly rednecks drink? Silver Mullet
Fist bumping high fives since 94'
Women are cursed, and men are the proof.
People from Wisconsin always make... Cheesy jokes.
What's green and eats nuts? Syphilis.
In Soviet Russia, tired joke format tweets YOU.
I'm pretty happy that human skin isn't see-through.
Ramen again? This guy's a mess. -mice in my kitchen
My fortune cookie just says Hahahaha. Is that good?
7 days without a pun... Makes one weak.
I just gave birth... I had a cow.
So a guy walks into a cow Moo
Bruce Jenner jokes Let's get these rolling!!
I heard diarrhea is hereditary It runs in your jeans
She can't leave if you're wearing all of her clothes.
One minute without you feels like 60 seconds.
What do you call a one legged female pirate? ARRRRlene...
What do you call a greedy crab? Shell fish......
My dishwasher broke down and stopped working So I remarried
Why did the investment bankers start dating? Compound interest
Where did Noah keep his bees? In the ark hives
Are you a bandicoot? Because I would crash for you.
Autocorrect can be a real birch. Dammit!
What does a cynical Irishman drink? Whiskey sour
What does a bunny do to a bank? Rabbit
Relationship status: Autocorrect changes my girl to my grill.
This tweet is made from 100% recycled characters.
What is the cutest car? A BM-cuddle-U
Why do elephants hide behind trees? To trip ants.
If you can't hang Don't be a runaway slave
What language does a boxer who punches jokes speak? Punjabi-ng.
Assorted nuts... ...was the name of the insane asylum.
Nice shoes They really stand out
What do you call an earthquake in NYC? Harlem Shake.
Boobs are the original WMD's. Weapons of Man's Destruction.
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Reeve
HALF-LIFE 3 CONFIRMED!!!!! lol
What's your favorite joke? mine's Womens Rights.
Let's turn this Pizza Hut into a pizza home.
*sneezes* "MY DUST COLLECTION!"
What's the main ingredient when making pickle bread? Dill dough.
My boobs are nice so I don't have to be.
How do you drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
My best toys run on batteries
Yo mama is like the gas station. Pump and Pay.
An older gentlemen wins a scratch ticket Win for life
How often do I make a chemistry joke? Periodically.
A stepdad should be called a "Faux Pa."
What is Jeremy Clarkson's PIN number? Nought two sixty.
Being a vegatarian is a missed-steak!
Are hamburgers male? Yes because they're boygers not girlgers!
I've never had anyone at hello.
Sleep It's better than the rest
Hey, smiling strangers. No thanks.
Thank God It's Monday" ~ My Liver
Why are most male politicians gay? They can only mandate.
Real ghost niggas eat the BOOty
Where do the sith get their clothes? Darth Mall
I thought landlady was the opposite of mermaid?
What's Chris Martin's favorite drink? Apple Martini
What do acids hate Lyes
I had an out-of-body-wash experience in the shower today.
After #Brexit, the pound crashed... ...it's down to ten ounces.
I couldn't bear it anymore. Lol. - Bear suicide note.
The longest Joke is worth the read http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
What do you call a Japanese Transvestite? Nip Tuck
What do you call a stupid ant? Antwerp.
You're like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Nothing makes me more suspicious than an unsolicited compliment.
"Hey Daddy!!! Watch what I can do!!" - aaaaaaaaand hospital.
'Hit me with your pet shark' #RuinAn80sSong
You know what screw programming C-out
"Ooh, a new friend request...who the hell is Iqbal???"
Why can't Boy Scouts be MLG? Because they're campers.
Ehhhhh! I lost all my money in a Fonzie scheme.
never trust quotes from the Internet ~Abraham Lincoln
Which African country has the most obese inhabitants? Burkina Fatso
Wake up your lover by hysterically screaming "Are you sleeping?!?!"
What do you call a man with no shins? Tony.
A satyr walks into a bar... (that's the whole joke)
Wanna hear a pun about a sausage? It's the Wurst.
How do snowmen get around? By icicle.
Which is the cheapest bicycle you can buy?  A penny-farthing.
Why do women prefer old gynecologists? Their shaky hands!
Good Steak jokes are... A rare medium well done
Behind every great man... ...is a very surprised mother-in-law.
Knock knock.... (Who's there?) Ellen Pao's Resume.
It takes balls to get a vasectomy.
RIP Paris Terror Attack Victims Never baguette
Women jokes are not funny Period.
What's a German's favorite fruit? An Auto-Bahnana
I need a draft folder for my mouth.
How do you think the unthinkable? With an ithberg
How do you describe Catwoman in one word? Purrfect
What do you call a man in the window? INNUENDO!!!!!!!
What does John Cena wash his hair with? Champ who?
Time flies like an arrow Fruit flies like a banana
Jesus wasn't just fit.... He was crossfit.
I've known my drug dealer since I was this high.
I'm so antisocial, i won't even meet my potential.
What do you call a boring banana? unaPEELING
What do you call a cheap circumcision? ...a rip off.
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? No? Either have they.
Why can't ghosts have babies? Because they have Hollow-Weenies!
What university did Lil Jon go to? YAAAAAAAAALE
What do you call an unemployed classical musician? Baroque
What is Tony Romo's favorite lottery game? Pick Six
The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP.
What do you call a sarcastic Canadian cow? Cowlin Mockery
I like stuffed animals. Oven baked with breadcrumb stuffing.
What do you call a disabled nun? Virgin mobile
Bruce Jenner should legally change his name to Trans
What do Japanese men do when they have erections? Vote.
Life's like my dick Hard and too short
I wanted to watch the inauguration today But Eisenhower late.
Hodor is the ultimate gentleman! He always holds the door.
I had sex last night. Man I hate prison
I don't sign anything without pretending to read it first.
What's the national anthem of Puerto Rico? "Attention K-Mart shoppers..."
What powers a robotic Sherlock Holmes Electricity, my dear Watt-Son
why was Pavlov's hair so soft? classical conditioning.
What is the sheeps market called? The Baa-zar.
I'm like a fireman, I turn the hoes on.
How do rocks feel about moss? It's growing on them.
How does Moses make tea? *Hebrews it*
A guy thing. pp
Who wrote the book The Russian Milkman? Ipul Titsky
What do you call a horny chemist? An H2Ho.
M.C. Escher goes into an ou so s   W.
At least cunts are useful you're not.
Why does it have to be a white Christmas? #BlackChristmasMatters
What do you do with a dead chemist? You Barium.
Why was the snake soft? He had reptile dysfunction.
What's the opposite of the Virgin Islands The Caymin Islands.
Why would anyone want to be a masochist? Beats me
Do you like Christmas? Then why don't you merry it?
According to my cholesterol level I'm a pizza.
Bernie demands change... whereas Hillary prefers cards or cheques.
I'm woman enough to admit when you're wrong
"There" - Where's Waldo? Cliffs Notes
what's green and smells like pork? Kermit the frog's finger.
Why is Uhura black? Because William shat on her.
This: sentence: is: sick: it has :cancer.
why do woman get periods? because they deserve them
What do you call a deceptive legume? A Lima bean
What do you call a gay magician? A poof
My wife is playing hard to get. Rid of.
My wife was cremated after her death. Also during.
What do you call an angry witch? Ribbit.
What's blue and square? An orange in disguise! Boom!!!
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? No seatbelt.
What is a Canadian's Favorite Game? Sorry!
Enough with the Gay jokes Cum on guys
I tried oscillating once. Not a fan.
What do you call an exceptional Mexican? Nacho average guy
My New Years resolution is 1080p.
Why are monkeys pedantic? Because they love nitpicking.
What do you call a horse at night? A Nightmare
When life gives you financial troubles... Make Financialade.
What are Starbucks two shipping options? Ground and federal expresso
What do zombie vegans eat? ... Grains!!!
The most important thing about telling a joke is timing
Red Dead Redemption 2 announced! Not. :^ )
How do you get a nun pregnant ? Fuck her.
I tried to catch some fog. But I mist.
Where do hogs keep their money? In piggy banks.
What do you call a bear in the Arctic? Starving.
What's the lawyer's favorite fruit? the advocado
Kisses are like real estate .... Location Location Location
I told an ebola joke And only 50% died laughing.
Healthcare Costs in America
How do you say goodbye in Arabic? "BOOM!"
I eat my hot dogs cold No bun intended
Was sagt der groe Stift zum kleinen Stift? Wachsmalstift
Two Helium atoms were acting funny HeHe
What started with a J, and ends with whore?
My friends say I'm frugal. I'm not buying it.
what do you say to a puking prostitute? Heave-ho!
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? poke her face
Pokemon GO servers Yeah, that's it.
What is ISIL's favourite dessert? Terrormisu
My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
Why doesn't china have casinos? Because they hate Tibet.
Oxymoron Black people
Unemployed teachers ..... Have no class
How do these people survive
Motion to rename biological clock "restless egg syndrome."
What does the nationalist sing at Christmas? Jingo Bells.
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
Whats the fastest way into a woman's heart? A pick-axe
Terrorist Jokes. They'll make you explode with laughter.
How does a train eat? It goes chew chew
What borders stupidity? Canada and Mexico.
I'm jealous of people who have more than one ab.
I lost 130 pounds of useless fat! Divorce is great!
The difference between snowmen and snowwomen. Snowballs.
What do you call a small bull? A MINI-TAUR!
You breed dogs? Don't they do that on their own?
My New Yahoo Password NoSecur!Ty
What does a monk say when you evict him? Namaste
Selling Darwinian birds: 5 for $5 Buck finches; get money.
What has four wheels and flys? A garbage truck.
What car does a Mexican drive? A Quebrolet.
What is a Canadian vampire's favourite drink? Type Eh.
Please don't feed the Kardashians.
Having a dirty mind makes ordinary conversations much more interesting.
Me: No, you hang up first Pizza Hut: *click*
Is "humpty dumpty" another way of saying "fuck and forget"?
Women having sex with me ...HA
What kind of animal lives in a triangle Hippotenuse
What do outlaws eat with their milk? Crookies.
#MakeAFilmUncomfortable The Godfather - With Benefits
How do whores in Westeros get into the castle? Hodor.
How do programmers like their snacks? Byte-sized.
What is a mexican's favourite sport? Cross-Country Running
Dr. Dre Beats.
What's the difference between fire and water? Everything, dumbass
Eat local. Your neighbor's food.
Why do guys think to much They have two heads
Love doesn't walk away, people do.
Yo mama so fat She couldn't fit in this joke.
What's 6.9? 69 interrupted by a period.
What sound does a bouncing plane make? Boeing boeing boeing
I dropped my phone in the bath Now it's syncing.
I was in a masturbating competition... I came 1st twice!
Butte Creek beer slogan! It dont taste shitty!
Where there is a will, there is usually a death.
I finally figured out the secret to click bait.
For sale  Dead Budgie Not going cheep
If mental hospitals had walkways... They'd be called psychopaths.
How I Crossed the Desert by Rhoda  Camul
PLEASE LEAVE A VOICEMAIL (if you're calling from 1986)
heres a bad joke your life
What is Al Qaeda's favourite team? New York Jets
What do prostitute Equine wear? They wear Whoreshoes
My credit card number is 4339-8245... Wait. Is this Amazon?
I like my chocolate like I like my men. Rich.
Whiteboards are amazing! They're just so remarkable!
What does OP never do?
What is Mexicans favourite sport Cross-Country
*Claps along at an opera*
We get it, cacti, you have great biceps.
drugs lead to nowhere....but at least its the scenic route
How many tickles does an octopus like? Ten-tickles
What's another name for a casket? Mourning wood.
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? Ba-na-na-naaa!
Bacon causes cancer. Canadian bacon apologizes.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS! -Texas Senator Wendy Davis
I used to have a dog named Ass. RIP Ass
What do you say when comforting a grammar nazi? There...their...they're..
Oxygen and Magnesium walk into a bar... OMg!
Do you avoid clickbait properly? You don't
A short but funny joke your dick
Sarcasm so good, they think you're being nice.
If Watergate happened today it would be called Watergategate.
I'm clingy, but not " Simon Cowell's t-shirt" clingy.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don't work.
When life gives you melons... don't burn the pot roast.
Hey guys! I reversed entropy! yportne
I love this hooker. Warts and all.
What a lie
How do turtles communicate? With shell phones.
What do you call four Mexicans drowning? Cuatro sinko
IDEA FOR COURTROOM SKETCH ARTISTS: a camera
What is a gay guys favorite search engine? Bing Bing
What do you call a chocolate moose? Dessert.
Me: [getting stabbed by criminal] buddy this seems illegal
I like my coffee how I like my women... imported
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAND EYEEEEEEEEEE
What do you get when you squeeze a Synagogue? Jews.
What Are Donald Trump's favorite kind of nuts? Wall nuts.
Curiosity both did and did not kill Schrodinger's cat.
[at a funeral home] ME: One death please
How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer.
How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer!
The truth about 9/11: it equals 0.81818182
Never trust acupuncturists they are backstabbers
What's the opposite of Easter? Wester
There is nothing funny about PMS **.**
Once you go black... You're a single mother.
If Catholics are in a demonstration... ... Are they Protestants?
Nipples: Nature's thermometer.
Que es la nombre con un bebe burro? un burrito
What is zero in Roman numerals? Nothing
I'd hit that. - women drivers
If I were Russian I'd be Vladimir Poopin
Nothing waters down the word "ultimate" like ultimate frisbee.
An Irish walks past a bar. ...
A tiny Tarzan swinging from your Tampon string.
I just bought a film with...
I wonder if Ninja-Siri wields Cortanas.
Where'd the rabbi stay on business? The L'Hyatt
What was the warlock's favorite cookbook? The Necronomnomnomicon.
Holland break FIFA rules by accidentally scoring against Brazil
I don't research Nihilism anymore. What's the point?
Jewish telegram: "Begin worrying. Details to follow."
What's a Chinese chicken's favorite vegetable? Buock choi
Winnie-the-Pooh is in tears He got Triggered.
Sex while camping... It's in tents.
What do people call Miley Cyrus in Europe? Kilometery Cyrus
Vegetables They never knew what hit em
fun prank: replace sugar packets at restaurants with cocaine
Every yo-yo trick should be called "no friends."
Sausages... They're the wurst.
Your life.
Why didn't the Mexican take Xanax? He was barred.
Where's Spiderman's home page? On the world wide web.
Brains are awesome... I wish everyone had one.
Men's underwear should be called "manhole covers"
Wanna hear a story about a ghost? That's the spirit.
Describe your sex life in two words. "My what?"
I don't like jokes about midgets... ...they're low-hanging fruit.
Where does a pornstar go for timeout? The casting couch
What to you call a fat computer? A dell
A fat guy walks into a bar [deleted]
what happens when you pop a cherry? she starts crying
Where do dads keep their jokes? In their dadabase.
Based on my search history, Google suggests: A social life
What's a snakes favourite flower ?  Coily-flowers !
What did the nun say to the priest? Shut up
What do you call a sexually-confused Arctic Circle? Bi-polar
Barakaysan la hadal sida Maalinta burcad ah!
Why is #Windows10 releasing before nine? because 7 8 9
you must be irish because my penis is dublin
What room does a ghost not need? A living room
Who Shot First? Boba Fett or Jango Fett? Han Solo
How many potatoes a day will make you fat? 00000
Which Knight invented the Round Table? Sir Cumference
Pro Tip: wash your hands after you shake mine
Dark humor is like food Not everyone gets it.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A stego-sore-ass
What's red and orange and looks good on hipsters? Fire.
What's E.T. short for? Cus he's got little legs
Recycling Jesus died for our bins.
How do they even grow a boneless chicken?
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
I only read 1 line jokes on reddit
"Are you cold?" No dumbass, I'm on fucking vibrate mode..
Steak jokes. They're a rare medium well done.
You know what really sucks? Sluts.
When they say "all expenses paid" does that include bail?
Why are divorces so expensive? Because they're worth it.
Wish our neighbors would splurge on quieter hookers.
What is a composer's favorite vegetable? Bach choy.
You can only regret what you remember. -Tequila
"Keep bullying the gay kids!" -Nerds
Hey girl, heard you really like pandas *Seductively eats bamboo*
What do vegetarian zombies eat? GRAAAIIIINS
What do you call a bulletproof Irishman? Rick O'Shea
Why did the excluded tree grow? To be long.
Mountains are funny. They're hill areas.
"How many people here believe in ghosts?"
What do you call homosexual Israelites? Fruit Jews
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A ripoff.
#ExplainAFilmPlotBadly A raccoon and a tree commit multiple felonies
My dick is like Amazon Prime... It comes fast :(
I Like my slaves like I like my coffee: Free
Hey people, I've invented a new word. Plagiarism.
What do you give a sick pig? Oinkment!
Baby seal walks into a club...
What do you call a fat joke on reddit? Banned
Married with Children was much funnier on TV.
I hate it when I punch ghosts! http://imgur.com/lVv8D6W
Seven days without a joke makes one weak.
What's orange and sounds like a Parrot? A Carrot
What's Santa's favorite snack? A crisp Pringle
Why doesn't Moses buy beer? He brews it.
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women? Snow balls!
What fungus always gets its ass beat? shittalking mushrooms
"I" before "e" except after "Old MacDonald had a farm"
what do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
Do they have a pregnancy test for immaculate conceptions?
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
Press control, alt, and down arrow key. it's fun.
How do Mexicans keep their food warm? Chicken Fajitas.
What's the strongest color? Super Cyan
Chuck Norris does not eat honey, he eats bees.
Some people say i'm conflicted... I'm not so sure.
"IS A DOLPHIN WHAT?!" - Hitler's wife answering the phone
A Church threw a Celibacy Party. Nobody came.
What's the most annoying joke in the world?
Had some mushrooms this morning. Breakfast of Champignons.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador!
Where does Crazy Horse live? In an unstable.
There's an Anti-Parallelogram Party tonight. Be there, or be square.
Where does Fred Weasley shop? Forever 21.
Raising children takes a village, preferably one with many vineyards.
Woman at dentist
Well, Lester Holt definitely lost that debate.
What's the hottest hotel in Vegas? The Cosmopolitan
What was the dentist's horrific gastronomical invention? Tartar sauce.
What do you call a baby panther? a Newton.
Do you know any sodium jokes? Na.
Want to hear a joke about Hillary Clinton's emails? [deleted]
"Have you senor self in a mirror lately?" -Mexicintervention
How is Reddit like fencing? Ripostes everywhere.
Someone called me lazy today... I almost replied.
If you've seen one shopping center... you've seen the mall.
Why can't Helen Keller drive? She's a woman.
Why can't Helen Keller drive? She's a woman!
"You're not the pizza guy." Bin Laden's last words.
Plagiarism Hey! I invented a new word: plagiarism.
How did Humpty Dumpty get ripped? Wall-sits.
rest of the week anyway.
How did I escape Iraq? Iran.
Why were the Indians here first? They had reservations
What has seven arms and can't spell? Def Leppard
How did the octopus go to the war? Well armed...
How do wasps send messages? By bee-mail.
Sexism is wrong and being wrong is for women
What's cooler than being cool? Financial Stability *shoutout to /r/personalfinance*
Dyslexic, you say? How do you spell that?
Why do noses run and feet smell?
Any bar is a karaoke bar if you're drunk enough.
The zoo only has one animal it's a shih tzu.
Wanna hear a short joke? Leafy's chin
What do you call a happy dolphin? Endorphin
How does Dwayne Johnson Party? Like a ROCK Star.
What is the date in Germany/Brasil today? 7-1. (world cup)
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim denim denim....
"Are you ok?" Never heard of him
I like my steak how I like my women Tinder-ized.
Question: What do elephants use for tampoons? Answer: Sheep.
What do you call an elf singer? Elvish Presley
I can't think of anything worse than an over exaggerator
I have a joke about unemployment It doesn't work though
i am practicing how to die in photogenic positions
What did the German Footballer name his pet? Schweinsteiger.
I like telling science puns... Just to see the reaction...
What's a trees favorite drink? Root beer
You know what's better than being married? Everything.
What do you call Jewish coffee? Hebrew
How to kill 20 flies at once Slap an Ethiopian
A clean house is a sign of a misspent life.
How do you confuse a gay person? Raccoon.
I once solved a Rubik's Cube by not buying it.
I just invested in chicken stock. It's all gravy.
Knock, knock...
I basically have 3 hairstyles... Straight. Wavy. Homeless.
What's the best thing about AIDS? You're always positive
What do Santa's little helpers learn in school? The Elfabet!
What has no legs but stands firm?? My dick
You want to hear the best joke ever? Repost
My Local Pizza Place Just Folded Now they serve Calzones.
Somebody gets stabbed in London every 57 seconds. Poor bastard.
Pedolibby (MEME) http://i.imgur.com/v9LKIpH.jpg
The sign said 'Free Range Chickens'. So, I took some.
What is the highest form of flattery? A plateau
How many bones are there in a graveyard? A skeleTON.
What do you call an Asian driveby? Cap-a-chino
It's all shits n' giggles... Until someone giggles and shits.
Sex so good you see dead people.
I've only ever met white people with gluten allergies
What STD did Forrest Gump catch? NSFW Jennytal Warts
2000s kids wont get this. Y2K
What do you call a friendship between punctuation? Commaraderie
My hamster died as he lived... in the microwave.
What Is A Mexican's Favorite Bookstore? Borders.
How do you get someone to pay child support? Blackmail.
Facebook: A place for liars and braggers to unite.
In Soviet Russia... ...bar raise you!
Don't steal. That's the government's job.
I like my beer like I like my violence... Domestic
Yo mama so old her social security number is 1!
Hallucination An optical delusion.
*Hears a joke about a chocolate bar* *Snickers*
What does Hilter get when he's scared? The hebrewgeebies
Reasons I Don't Smoke Pot
How much does a pirate earing cost? A buccaneer
I love dead baby jokes ..they never grow old.
Any skirt looks good on the back of the chair.
"What goes down must come up." -Sir Anorexic Newton
My wife's an experienced navigator, she gives great headings.
Where is the biggest jews concentration? In the air.
Tigers blood gave Charlie Sheen HIV
What's so unfunny that it's funny? An anti-joke.
Kids are worthless because they're short and poor.
Patience is what parents have when there are witnesses.
Why were the new mittens so flirty? Young gloves.
What do comedians put outside their house on Halloween? 'Pun-kins'
Never let the CIA install your government. Too much spyware.
Can a match box? No, but a tin can!
My pet butterfly got a tattoo of my lower back
Damn girl, are you weed? Because you smell dank.
Dyslexic zombies crave Brians.
What's Superman's greatest weakness? Horses
What do eggs do for fun? They crack jokes.
My relationship therapist got a divorce
Suicide is only illegal because dead people can't pay taxes.
The reward for a job well done is more work.
Anyone can recommend a good Hobbit movie?
What does a crappy Carpenter make? Loose stools
Rabbits who hang out in indie pet stores are hopsters.
Last CsGo update
I am as a wake as a funeral.
What's the most polite meal? Peas and franks.
Women and their rights
What fuels electronics but drains a relationship? Battery
Tofu is over rated... It's just a curd to me.
Why does Reddit hate Fencing? Ripostes
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
What did the glue taste tester say? Mmmmm.
What do gay horses eat? HAY HAY HAY!
Apparently, Engineers talk how Doctors write
My parents just googled me and now they're crying
What were Chuck Noris's last words? BRB
What is Jackie Chan's favorite drink? WA-TAAAAH!
What does a subatomic duck say? Quark.
My Viagra addiction ..was the hardest time of my life.
Knock Knock Who's there? Alask. Alask who? Alaska later
Knock, knock. "Who's there?" [Doctor](http://images.amcnetworks.com/bbcamerica.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/18/files/2013/08/Doctorwho_50th-anniversary-thumbnail_01.jpg).
Is anyone here named Jeff? Jeff: Yes. Jeoff: Yeos.
Why was  afraid of ? Because   !
"Omelet you finish." - Kanyegg West
Tweets My Dad Shits.
Good yawning everyone
(whispering): Siri, whose bed am I in?
What is Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
Why was John Lennon so ashy? Because he was cremated
What is it called when a lumberjack masturbates? Logging off.
What fabric is worn in Soviet Russia? Linen
Just met a nerdy spider. He's a web designer
What was Spiderman's major in college? Web Design
What's a fireman's favourite drink? Water.
My internet is so slow... Loading...
Everyone tells me to stop singing Wonderwall... I said maybe
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend? Because Sheeran.
Whats a yoga instructors favourite kind of coffee? Pilatte
St. Patrick's Day is like 420 for alcoholics.
What's big, gray, and doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
Lif... ...is too short.
"This is some good shit!" A gourmet fly.
A can crushers job must be... Soda pressing.
"I'm up for anything" - penises
What is Hillary Clintons least favourite instrumeny? The trump-et.
Female Viagra. Niagara.
ARE YOU GUYS ALL RIGHT? No, you are all left
Superman can save the world but Clark Kent
I have a love/hate relationship with mood swings.
Pope Innocent is an oxymoron
I will never be okay with how Michael is spelled.
How do you call a play on numbers? A pin.
You know what really breaks my heart? Cholesterol.
What's the opposite of Tim Walken? Tim Daly.
What is white and disturbs your breakfast? An avalanche
I see right through Caitlin Jenner Because she's trans-parent
What has 5 eyes? invisibility
[during sex] Can you please take your Fitbit off.
Beating your wife isn't a joke It's a punchline.
What's Batman's favorite fruit? Bananananananananana
If life gives you melons You might be dyslexic.
Happy (Belated) Birthday To Everyone
If at first you don't succeed try try a gun
Where does the king keep his armies? In his sleevies.
The clock is ticking... 9:09 9:10 George Bush 9:12
Two introverts go to a bar. They leave immediately.
Donald Trump Will.... Make America Great Again!
What do you call a clever repost? A riposte.
I workout religiously About once or twice around the holidays
What's Jian Ghomeshi's favorite vegetable? Artichoke.
How do Jedi warm up for sexy time? Forceplay
What do you call a joke with no punchline? Ba-dum-tss
My penis... Is such a dick.
Something hit me at high frequency today It really hertz.
what do you call a mexican without a car? carlos
What's brown and rhymes with 'snoop'? Dr. Dre
The best joke of all time. Women's rights.
Hey baby, wanna violate the Pauli Exclusion Principle with me?
Looks like Erdogan had to quit... ...cold Turkey. [](/rimshot)
What's the best truck in Norway? The Fjord F150.
How Does Moses Make His Tea? Hebrews it
What's the difference between pink and purple? Your grip..
I have, a really beautiful body under my floor boards
How do aliens stay warm? Space heater.
I'm so damn tired. I haven't slept since last year.
*knock knock* "Are you a Jehovah's Witness"?
Sleep is like my love life, I ain't getting any
And for dinner... Mary had a little lamb.
Two blondes walk into a bar... The brunette ducks
A comment suitable for most of the reddit jokes Repost
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
What do you call a slippery book? Non-Friction
Do you ever feel, like a plastic bag.. ;)
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
My penis died. Can I bury it in your vagina?
What is big black and long. The lines at KFC
Q. What is the color of the wind? A. Blew.
What do you call a hip French black guy? Latrill
What do you call a group of students? A school.
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes Literally
Wishy-washy sounds like someone that's optimistically clean.
Sometimes, when I think about books I touch my shelf
What do you call a fruit that procrastinates? ...A Cramberry!
What do you call a gay cowboy? A jolly rancher.
Every time a Taco Bell rings, an angel gets diarrhea
Pretty gay how some dudes like other dudes.
"This is groundbreaking stuff."  Inventor of the shovel
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless
(NSFW) Jokes
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before they were married? Fiancee
Who will inherit all of Trump's money? His hair.
"I never weigh myself" -People who weigh themselves daily
Why should you never fight a dinosaur? You'll get jurasskicked!
What's a ego maniac's favorite candy? Air heads
Why didn't Rivendell help Gondor? Elfish reasons.
How do you kill a vampire dinosaur? You stakeasaurus.
What does a frog do when it barbecues? Rib it...duh!
What did the lawyer name his daughter? Sue
What's Batman's least favourite album? A Night at the Opera.
I am... A joke !
Where did the Fonz go for his drinking problem? A-AAAAAAYYYYYYYY
Where do pigs park their cars? In porking lots.
I know a really good joke Braden
Coke is just cherry coke after it's lost its virginity.
What position does the pig play in football?  Loinback.
I love 80s Rock It always makes me Bon Jovial
What language do birds speak ? Pigeon English !
What's the most popular website in Illinois? Cornhub.com
Why did the communists trip over? Because they were Russian!
I set them up, you...
The 2016 election What a joke, am I right?
Whores on first, sluts on second, idle hos on third.
Where do Peek-a-boo patients go? The ICU.
Ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have they.
It's only perverted if she says no..
hey Colorado, hows your aspen? (ass been)
What do you call a masterbating cow? Beef stroganoff
Deactivating your Facebook account is the new black friend.
What do you call a group of squid? A squad
Apparently, 4.665642(1) out of 7.4 people overcomplicate things.
If you Happy and you know it thank your ex!
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUNG!
What disease do terrible parkers have? parkin'sins
I'm white. But I'm not NASCAR fan white.
I have a friend who's half Indian. Ian
What do horses eat on the internet? Hayy lmao
Why don't shrimp give anything to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What do you call a girl without boobs? **Justin Bieber**
What was the bear protesting? his right to human arms
What do you call an angry psychologist? A thera-pissed.
"Why?" - Socrates and four year-olds
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs
What is a Jewish delima? A free ham.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? Addictionary
I'm quitting drinking for good. Now I drink for evil.
I'm blonde. What's your excuse?
I've decided not to have children The kids are devastated.
Other people's children are my form of birth control.
Alzheimer Joke (Not sure if repost.) I'll see myself out...
My corduroy pillow has been making headlines all week.
What kind of shoe does Mr. T wear? T-shoes!
Why is flour so dumb? It's inbred.
Miami football Heh heh heh.
What do you call a kind rock Gneiss
Dear Life...Would you at least start using lubricant....
What, according to Freud, comes between fear and sex? ...funf.
:O + :P = 69 Simple math
Of course size matters. No one wants a small pizza.
What do you call an Italian with no arms? Deaf
I am not the same person at 8am and 8pm.
You can't spell Chipotle without E. Coli
What's a dragracers favourite meal? Brake-fast
This tub of margarine doesn't believe it's me.
What do you say when a virgin sneezes? Goesintight.
Marijuana is the answer! (I don't remember the question)
When life hands you donkeys, move to a mountainous region.
That which does not kill me... should run.
Cats are just dogs who've been to drama school.
What's cold and always runs from a fight? Coward ice.
7/11 was a part time job
Apologising Made Simple by Thayer Thorry
What is Pat Sajak's favorite Christmas carol? No L
Math proves girls are evil
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
The Proclaimers walked 500 miles without a Fitbit?
If we didn't have lawyers... We wouldn't need lawyers!
A man is shot... He recently converted to islam.
What do you call sleep walking nun? Roaming Catholic
Pi-ku Math is fun When Mixed with some pie
TIL Abortion doctors are also called spawn campers
"Hell, yes." ...the devil answered the phone.
What's the hardest thing on a cowboy? The 4th grade.
Constipated people just don't give a shit.
My business card is just a moist slice of cantaloupe.
anything is pocket sized if your ass is big enough
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive Because she was a woman
To the guy that invented zero... Thanks for nothing.
Sorry I always spell your name Brain, guys named Brain.
RIP evaporating water. You will be mist.
That's a great river Dam it!
How to break into comedy Crack a joke
Where do you buy a Walrus? WalMart!
What is a pirate's favorite pokemon? Arrrriados
What's the most dishonest place on earth? The Library
what do pirates have with their fish tart arrrrrrrr sauce
What do you call an easy-going rabbit?  Hoppy-go-lucky.
What's Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
What did one angel say to the other? "Halo."
The divorce rate among my socks is astonishing
Jokes about menstruation are not funny. Period.
I respect you, liquor store shopping cart user.
"Wow he's good" -possum at the morgue
What's a mouse's best friend? Curiosity!
What was Rihanna's nickname for Chris brown? Beats me.
How big was osama bin Laden's hard drive? One terrorbyte.
What do you call a red neck invasion? An incestation
When you watch Jersey Shore, Darwin cries.
What's Trump's favorite Pink Floyd album? The Wall. Huehuehue
Alcohol makes me worse at everything except telling secrets.
Why are ducks always sad? Because of their bills
I'm invincible. I can not be Vinced
Chem students do it on the table periodically.
i sneezed and all my butt drugs fell out
How do you call a Jew teenager? Jewenile
I accidentally flogged another dominatrix's client. Oops, wrong sub.
*flashes smile* *smile calls police*
*throws up gang signs* *never eats gang signs again*
What are golfers afraid of? The bogey monster
What's the opposite of a hipster? A napster
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
If you have 12 enchiladas.... Is it a foot-alada?
A man gave me 79 protons Thanks for the gold!
What's the difference between redditors and eggs? Eggs get laid.
What is the best cure for a headache? DECAPITATION!!!
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? Little caesars.
Swimming is good for you. Especially if you are drowning.
According to MyFitnessPal, I have been dead for 6 weeks.
What do you call a chinese millionaire? Cha-Ching!
How did Moses make his coffee? Hebrewed it.
Werner Heisenberg's epitaph: Here lies Heisenberg. ^^^?
What gave the blonde a stomach ache? Nivea milk.
Yo mama so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio
What do lonely terrorists have sex with? Blow-up dolls.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven was black.
"Cool calculator watch dude." ~nobody since 1987.
itself itself itself itself itself itself itself itself itself.... -history
What operating system does Varys have on his computer? Unix
Who do mice worship? Cheesus. :)
So bored I just logged into my LinkedIn account.
My lovelife is like a ferrari. I can't afford it.
I like my women like I like my Scotch. Noice.
A gun is like a coupon that works anywhere
Where do bees keep their money? In a honey box.
Life is sexually transmitted.
"Plagiarism squad reporting for duty sir!" "Copy that"
Two nuts were walking down the street.. One was assaulted
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a thief? Nothing.
Two vegans get in an argument They now have beef
Rioters are like school in July. No class.
When you've got a bladder infection... Urine trouble.
A Muslim walks into a bar BANG (bomb explodes)
Yahoo answers is my primary care physician
Tom hanks probably fucked that volleyball
What do you call an Asian penguin? A penguyen
Where did Noah keep his bees? In his ark hives
There is no more cake. This is my suicide note.
Why don't we call the Hindenburg... ... the Skytanic?
You deserve a standing ovation from my tallest finger.
TIFU by taking someone else's Subway order Oops, wrong sub.
Cleaning ladies: The new craze that's sweeping the nation
Im so glad I learned sign language its pretty handy
Nice butts take my breath away... I'm assmatic.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Where does lonely soup go? To a brothel.
* Runs Baywatch-style into oncoming traffic *
What did Jose name his son? Hose B
Why do pencils shave? To look sharp
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught.
TIFU with my girlfriend... ...She was on top
What do you call a burning rocket? Korean Barbecue.
What do you call a flying bagel? A plane bagel.
German sausage jokes are the wurst ...
Yo momma's so fat She drives a spandex car.
Repairing Old Clothes by Fred Bare
I like my shits like I like my Slavs Squatting.
I'm not that great at origami... I cut corners.
What did Judas say after capturing Jesus? Nailed it.
What does a Scottish cat say? Mee yew!
"This is BULLSHIT" - enthusiastic manure salesman
I just ran a .003048K
Tasted the best Borscht ever! It'll be hard to beet.
So a guy walks into a bar... Ouch.
What CS:GO hack do tumblr girls use? Trigger bot.
Why is Quicksilver so fast? Because he's Russian
What do you call fireworks that don't work? Fireunemployed.
Is Rick Moranis dead? or just his career?
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross Country.
Black Jesus. Went to jail for you
Happy New Year! Welcome to 20!
Noticed something between my grandma's boobs today. Her belly button.
Where does steel wool come from? Hydraulic rams.
Jesus take the veal I am vegetarian
How long is a Chinaman?
What is a Brazilians favorite Pokemon? Zikachu.
A picture so sexy my computer just covered my eyes.
What is Moses's favorite beer? Busch Light.
What do you call Hitler with a fin? Adolf-fin
Change is inevitable... Unless you go to a vending machine.
Why does Jesus Jaywalk? Because he hates crosswalks
What is Shia Labeouf's favourite genre of music? Jazz Duets.
why did the orange fail school? It couldn't concentrate.
The Whip was especially popular In the 1800's
What's Glenn's favorite fast food? Popeyes!
I'm at my most spiderman when using a public restroom
Share the most offensive and politically incorrect jokes you know.
This says it all... It all.
What do you call a content vowel? A Cheerio.
Welcome to the Geology Department Have a gneiss day!
No. I'm not pregnant. That's my liver.
What's a toads favorite drink? Croaka-cola
What is a mother's favorite Christmas Carol? Silent Night.
Whats black and screams? Stevie wonder answering the iron!
Vaccines are an inside jab.
What are ducks' favorite drug? Quack.
A dyslexic man.. A Dyslexic man walks into a bra.
What's more dangerous than a serial killer? A parallel killer.
I don't have a mental problem, I have mental problems...plural.
What do you call Gumby's sidekick in Jamaica? Pokemon
how do you call a white racist whitler
According to WebMD, people are Sick & Tired of me
What does a duck always have behind him? His buttquack
"Boop" - Zebra walking past a self service checkout.
What do you call a dog with two vaginas? Snatches
im dating: britney spears rn
What's a Republican's favorite number? "NEIN!"
Milky Way is Snicker's nut-less, gay little brother.
Two parallel lines match on tinder But they never meet.
The person who discovered electricity... Must have been quite shocked!
15 + 18 = 10
Yo mama so ugly She got fired from a blowjob
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite arcade game? PAC-Man.
I have this reoccurring nightmare called a job.
What do you call a mentally disabled firefighter? Flame retardant
McDonalds ...closing thigh gaps since 1967.
What does Hodor start off his day with? Raisin' Bran.
What do you call a panther and a ghost combined?
I have six words for you.
What's Gordon Ramsey's favourite movie? It's Fucking Frozen!
What do you call a conversation about weed? A diskushion.
What's the worlds most forceful fig? The Fig Newton.
Dogs can't operate an MRI. But cats can.
What do you call a homeless pigeon? A pigeon.
What is the national sport of North Korea? Ping-Pyong-yang
I've been developing a photographic memory.
What's Beethoven doing in his grave? He's decomposing.
why do asians have small boobs? Only A's are acceptable
Him: You smell good...what are you wearing? Me: Weed.
Some people are like pennies. Two-Faced And Worthless.
I hate every child in a commercial.
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend.
My Gladiator DVD stopped working... Talk about an *epic* fail.
What do you call a smart Australian? A New Zealander
I get my best showering ideas when I'm writing jokes.
Some people can't stand being in a wheelchair
"Shit just got real." - God, creating the digestive system
3 dyslexic mods walk into a bra... [deteled]
Gay guys are fucking assholes.
Who came after Augustus? Septembrus
What's that joke that ends..."but you fuck 1 sheep..."
REALLY GOOD JOKE!!!! DON'T CLICK! NSFW Lemkie
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A Doyouthinkhesawus
Cat places ad in the classifieds... "Seeking Pets".
Can you even work your smartphone? In what capacity?
What is a Juanito? A little Juan
I've got no beef with white wine.
What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAIIINSSS!
What's brown and runs around your garden? Your fence.
What's big, white, and can't climb a tree? A refrigerator.
What kind of tea did the American colonists want? Liberty
What's Mary short for? She's got little legs, I guess.
Hi welcome to Hollister, would you like a flashlight?
There was an indecisive buddha... ...his mantra was 'ummmm'
What Do You See When Pillsbury Doughboy Bends Over? Donuts
Where does light go to jail? prism
ISIS "Preventing the theft of unattended baggage since 1989"
Know any jokes about sodium? Na.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
What do you call someone without a Liver? Deader.
"This ain't my first Romeo." -slutty Juliet
"27 Hilarious Ways You Know Journalism Is Dead" - Journalism
Why is Han Solo a loner? Because he's solo.
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? No, neither have they.
What has 10 letters and starts with Gas? Automobile
Girl, are you my funny bone? Cause you're humerus.
What do people drink at Club Obi-Wan? Qui-Gon Gin.
"I hate confrontation" "No, you don't"
If at first you don't succeed....
What do you call a mad lunch? Hater-tots
Jokes about white sugar are rare... but brown sugar, Demerara.
Three Jews walk into a bar Mitzvah.
I'm not racist... I own a color tv!
What was early man's best friend? Primates
Bart Simpson's chalkboard was the original twitter.
How do you cut pizza? With Little Ceasar's.
What type of car would the Hamburglar drive? A Hamburghini.
Love is energy over time Because Watt is love?
Where do Muslims go after they die? Everywhere
An Irishman Walks Out Of A Bar
What is The Rock going to name his Daughter? Pebbles!
What do you call a fly that literally can't even?
What's red and is bad for your teeth? A Brick.
@NBCSports thank you for making the sports
You know who else has a naughty list? HR
What's a crackhead with no drugs? Crack-a-lacking
Whatever you do, always give 100%. Unless you're donating blood
What do bulls do for fun? Play with others.
What's E.T. short for? ... Cuz he's got little legs
What are the best kinds of speedbumps? Orphan shaped ones.
"My Cocaine" How Michael Caine says his name...
Yo Mama so ugly, she has to use prescription make-up!
Let's play a game called Fuck Off You go first
Sick of tweeting. Switching to faxing. What's everybody's fax numbers?
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
which power ranger is racist? the WHITE POWER ranger
Why is Hannibal so rich? Well, he save on groceries.
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang Rape.
What Did H Say 2 O? Water you doing?
How did michael hutchence take his drugs? Inxs
Can I list french fries as my significant other?
Where does the three legged horse live? The unstable
How does a Buzzfeed writer catch fish? Clickbait.
It takes two who know how to tango to tango.
Quick Snowden Transition into a woman
What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws? Outlaws are wanted
What is this superb owl of which you speak?
Beer - tastes like I have friends Title.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A RIP OFF!!!
What kinda vegetables like to party? Lettuce turnip da beet!
So i found a new clickbait technique. So did you.
What type of dog suffers from being inbred? A hotdog
Did the Deer have any doe? he had 2 Bucks
Read more Accountant jokes
Nice try, resealable potato chip bags.
/r/News Pyongyang FIFY
What's black, white and red all over? South Africa
Statistically... 9/10 people enjoy gang rape
With great power comes huge electricity bill
Shoutout to grandpa... That's the only way he can hear.
What's Donald Trumps favorite Pink Floyd album The wall
If electricity comes from electrons, does morality come from morons?
*slips into milk bath* *starts drinking*
Humans: we're not like snakes Also Humans: mmmm eggs
Once you've seen one shopping center... you've seen the mall
Best time to go to the dentist? tooth hurty
Guess what? Good guess
Definition of Divorce: The future tense of  marriage.
Why are magicians always sad? Because everything they have disappears
Damn girl, are you damn girl? Because damn girl
Where do bears store their military weapons? In bearracks.
I like drawing frat boys on passed out dicks.
The best things in life require no pants.
Wanna hear a cheesy conspiracy? Halluminati
Why don't midgets smoke weed? Because they can't get high.
whats a Mexicans favorite video game? Borderlands
What do you call Nazis from San Francisco? Bay Aryans
I tried to catch fog once... I mist
What do you call a dizzy asian? Disorientaled.
You know what gets me down? Elevators.
BREAKING: An egg. I'm making scrambled eggs.
I poked my eye out .(
What do you call an angry terrorist? Amin Amood
"Use the forceps, Luke!" - Obi Gyn Kenobi
What goes "Hahahahaha...*thud*"? Someone laughing their head off
What do cannibals call family members they love? Bae-Kin
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro Cinco
What do you call weaponized sushi? A combat roll
Don't you hate it when dontyouhateitwhenpeopledontusespaces
What do Japan and Shaq have in common? Kobe Beef
How do you confuse a gay? 7
Shortest Joke I've Ever Heard; Dwarf shortage.
Life is too complicated in the morning.
How do you pick up older Spanish women? Hola Seniority
My father is invisible... a trans-parent
Can gorillas swim? No.
Guys, stop with the vagina jokes. Period.
What do you call the mercury mine? Hg wells
Shortest joke ever? "Pretentious? Moi?"
The longest joke in the world. [Worth it.] (http://www.longestjokeintheworld.com)
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
Just be yourself. All the good personalities are taken.
I bought a duckdoo yesterday! 'What's a duckdoo?' "quack, quack"
We get it, Charmin. Bears love to shit.
Fingerprints are proof that God doesn't trust us
All in favor of imitating Spanish women say "Aye-yi-yi."
Good chance of showers today. -- Bathroom Forecast.
ATTRACTIVE WOMAN: What time is it? ME: Haha. Yeah definitely
I, for one... like Roman numerals.
You deplete me
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
What do hillbillies do on Halloween? Pump kin.
What do you call a stuck up slut? Cuntseeded
I can spell relief with one letter P!
What is Hitler's favourite animal? Adolphin
My head feels like something Picasso would have drawn.
What's the most popular board game in Canada Sorry.
I have sexdaily I mean dyslexia fcuk
Hey baby! What's up? Baby: My mother's uterus.
What do you fire from underwater guns? Seashells
What's the world's scariest plant? bamBOO!
How do snowmen travel around ? By iceicle !
Guys that work at animal shelters get all the bitches.
9 months later story
A dyslexic walks in to a bra
My girlfriend texted me "helpmyspacebarbrokecanyoucomeoverandgivemeanalternative" Anybody know what "ternative" means?
Why can't cats vote? Because they are non-voting felines!
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke her face.
3 guys walked into a bar but one ducked
What's the abominable snowman's favourite food? Spag-yeti.
Buy one annoying person, get two free! - In-laws
If you clone a twin... Do you get triplets?
Breaking: Man stabbed and killed Morgan Freeman 's granddaughter
You've got a face even an Instagram filter couldn't fix.
"How Long can a Chinese name be?" -- Yoda
What's another name for a Dentists? A filling station!
Which religion faces the most Resistance? Hinduism... Om......
Where does a king keep his armies?? In his sleevies
What is 1x times D xD
What's invisible and smells like cough drops? Koala farts
Why are 490 Romans funny? Because XD
What is Brown and Runny? ...Usain Bolt
I've met many Richards... However, some of them are Dicks.
What do you call a cat in love? Romeow
Deja Moo: The feeling that you've heard this bull before.
When math majors graduate, do they get degrees or radians?
What ya call a lesbian with large fingers? Well hung!
If you have an Oculus Rift... Then you're Luckey.
Does a litter box count as a guest bathroom?
What water does Snake drink? Big Voss.
What entrance do prostitutes use? Hodor
How should you treat a baby goat? Like a kid.
Rap is to music as Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
What type of pants does Mario wear? Denim, denim, denim.
Does your wife know you're single?
Nice guys don't finish last, fat guys do.
Why can't Ray Charles read? Because he's blind you racist!
*Ghost snatches phone from me* "Who you gonna call now?"
Where did the kid with adhd go? Aushwitz
What does Mario wear? Denim denim denim
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur with vertigo? Falloffalottapuss
Is a red headed Ninja called a Ginja?
Where does a Sith Lord do their shopping? The Maul.
The boomerang is Australia's chief export (and then import)
How long can an Owl live? 6 1/2 books...
Nostalgia Sure isn't what it used to be.
What is 2Chainz's favorite TV channel? TruTV
This joke might take you awhile Pussy! ::snickering:: get it?
How do you interrupt a Redditor's winning streak? The Game
How are men like fuses? Once they're blown, they're useless.
What's the difference between 0/1 and 0/2 ? Nothing.
My description of today's front page... BEARY FUNNY!!!! http://i.imgur.com/en5msOs.png
What do you call a horny cow? Beef jerky :)
What do gay horses eat?? Haaaayyyy!!
What do you call a wino eating grapes? Impatient.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was assaulted
Where do shadowbanned Redditors go? To the PAO Camp.
If you're seen one shopping centre... You've seen a mall.
Wife: Rock the baby. Me: *plugs in amp*
I went camping with swingers It was fucking intense
What does batman take in his beverages? just...ice.
What's the russian royalty's favorite type of fish? Czar-dines!
What do you call a White Crocodile? A Crocasian
What do you call 250 dead politicians? A good start.
Where do baby ghosts go during the day? Dayscare centers
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend? Cause sheeran
What does a Dalek do in the shower? EXFOLIATE!
What is a trans fat? A feminist.
Gays and ISIS ... are fucking assholes.
Why was Jack scared? Because Jack was bean stalked
Home is where the Wi-Fi is.
What's Vladimir's favorite song? Putin on the Ritz
What is Dracula's favorite fruit?  Neck-tarines.
Which dog can tell time? A watchdog.
What is brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
What is brown and sounds like a bell? Dung.
Who designed Noah's ark? An ark-itect !
You guys wanna see something cool? http://www.fda.gov/ucm/groups/fdagov-public/documents/image/ucm197598.bmp
I bet you haven't heard this one before 53154
What do you call a woman with six kids? Lucy
Never date a baker They're too kneady
How many cats? One.
Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
Where animal does Russian milk come from? moscows
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing
Wanna hear my life story? tl;dr...
What kind of flooring does a Mexican fit? Underlay! Underlay!
Why did the tea-bag fall down the hill? To steep.
If Google can't find the answer, it's not a question.
"Wanna Hear A Joke?" Women's rights
Afghani drinking game for Cricket World Cup car bombs
What do you call a good looking Lebanese man? Azif
Whos jared fogles favorite outlaw... ...Billy the kid
Where does Ned Flanders pick up women? On OkilyDokilyCupid
[Ouija board] Me: Demon? I-W-I-L-L-E-A-T-Y-O-U-R-E-S-O-U-L Me: *your Y-O-U-K-N-O-W W-H-A-T-I-D-O-N-T-W-A-N-T-Y-O-U-R-S-O-U-L-A-N-Y-M-O-R-E
what did the faggot faggot the faggot? because faggot hahahaha
The USA condemns unprovoked invasion of a sovereign nation.
Business was great last year. I made 6 figures. $2,784.93
So a baby seal walks into a club ...
99 problems and pizza solves every single 1
Do vegetarian cops... ....go on stakeouts?
"Crocodile after awhile." - Yoda
What did the boys do ToGetHer? Roam And Tick things..
What's the opposite of Stephen Hawking? Stephen Talking.
Money can't buy happiness... Poverty can't buy *Anything*
What did the fish say to the concrete wall? Dam!
My background check bounced.
Let's count to 10.000
What has 8 legs and 7 arms? Def Leppard
What is another word for Pokemon? A Rastafarian Proctologist
What does Batman do on Father's Day? He oh...
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween? Pump kin
What does Snoop Dogg have an umbrella for? Fo' Drizzle
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 was black...
R.I.P. 2013 (2013-2013)
A mahogany boob... Would be pretty useless, wooden tit?
What do you call Mike Tyson on drugs? Methed up
I'm getting the band back together.... We're called New Direction.
What did the Ents yell as they attacked Isengard? Ambush.
Why do Avon ladies walk funny? ..because their lipstick
A guaranteed way to make a hormone... Don't pay her...
Christianity is the ultimate daddy issue.
Whats a hoes idea? A Thot.
Test boast, please ignore. Mitochondria are better than yourtochondria.
What do you call a Chinese Millionaire? Cha Ching
where does honey come from? beez nuts
Million dollar idea: Invest $995,000 in a bank CD.
I bet Taylor Swift still believes in Santa Claus.
Can the ninja throw his ninja stars? Shurikan
What Moby Dick's fathers name? Papa Boner
My grandfather had alzheimers...
What do you call a gay farmer? A Jolly Rancher
Keep scrolling... I got nothing!!
Where do the Mexican truckers hang out? The guay station.
Whats Hitler's favorite type of joke A roast
What did Einstein eat as a baby? Formula!
Three Nazis walk into a BAR They all get shot.
Q: What's the strongest bird? A: A crane.
What's a Republican Congressman's favorite movie? Kill Bill
what is the SEXIEST kind of tree??????? A COUNTRY!!!!
I AM IRON MAN! the real one....
"We met in church." Lies we tell kids.
A plane crashes and everyone dies.
What frequency do police radios operate on? 100 niggahurts
What do you call an avid gardener? Herb
I wish all tests were things you peed on
Knock Knock Who's there? Doorbell salesman!
Why do gay men float? Flambuoyancy
What do you call an elderly vampire? Grampire.
Where do llamas go on vacation? Alpacapuco
My cat refuses to approach strangers. He's such a pussy.
What do you give a sick bird? A tweetment
What do Jedi sheep sound like? Dagobah.
"i never metadata i didn't like" -NSA
What's a policeman's favorite gaming console? Wii-U, Wii-U, Wii-U!
I sleep better naked...why can't the flight attendant understand this?
If you don't like my opinion of you  improve yourself!
So Hillary Clinton logs into her e-mail [deleted]
Where do onions wrestle? Onion rings.
Muffins are just cupcakes that will never get laid.
Where do Tumblr users go to pray? The Cis-Teen Chapel
I'll tell you what I know about midgets... Very little
*takes a picture of food for Instagram* Food: delete it
She just didn't get that i was into fish. Geez
What is Yoda's last name? Layhehoo
I plan on getting "sidewalk nap" drunk tonight.
Two ghosts walk into a bar... They don't say ow.
What did the dog bring to party? Wooffies!
Turtles think frogs are homeless.
Why was 56 scared? Because 28 8 1.
What do amputees and cricket have in common? Stumps
Why do molluscs only think of themselves? Because they're shellfish
I haven't gained weight. I'm just retaining cookies.
What does a feminist doorbell say? Stop-oppressing-me
What kind of concert costs 45cents? 50cent feat. Nickelback
Best thing about being a hermit? No peer pressure.
Don't you just love whiteboards? They're remarkable.
Why did the sand dune blush? Because the sea weed
what is the mods favorite joke? [deleted]
I think that bisexual girls should just call themselves more-or-lesbians.
Walls are just sober floors.
What is a Jewish dilemma Free ham
What do you call transgender superheroes? X-Men.
What do you call a Jamaican who wears glasses? Rastafoureyes
Why can't Stevie Wonder read? Because he's black.
Kind of cruel that "stutter" has two syllables.
Why don't feminists carry handguns? Because of the triggers
What kind of bee produces milk? A BOOBEE!
My Life Sucks... Because my wife doesn't.
If you believe binoculars are overrated, then look no further.
What is the KKK's favourite football (soccer) club? Blackburn
My exercise routine is a running joke.
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite weather? Drizzle
How did the Italian die? Talking while driving.
Oh you sneaky little bastard! [Link to the joke.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3ei9ie/the_best_joke_i_know/)
90s kids won't get this... Social Security benefits.
I don't have bad posture, my body's just sad.
1 in every 5 dolphins is a method actor.
What do you call an unfinished inflow of money? Incomplete.
Give a man a fish.. C'mon..give it... bad doggy..
Gay jokes aren't funny... ...I mean, come on guys.
What is a dog's favourite Easter treat?  Jelly bones!
What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak.
Why was Darth Vader so ugly? Because he had sithilis.
Two women are sitting quietly...
Business Idea: Audio books for deaf people
Statistically, 1 in 5 of The Jackson's are Randy.
A banker broke up with his girlfriend... He lost interest.
Parallel parking reality show. Get on that.
How do you call a cow without legs? Ground beef
A prostitute got a tramp stamp It said "tips appreciated"
What do lawyers use for birth control? Their personalities.
Why do feminists hate Apple? Because they're not PC.
How do dogs do business? Pro-bono
What did the elephant say? When he lost his penis.
I quit Reddit.
I don't do cocaine I just like the smell
What do you call a Roman transvestite? Ben-Her.
The older I get, the earlier it gets late.
Air Conditioning is pretty cool
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 explodes.
Tape a terrible drawing of a refrigerator onto your child.
<Tries to plow the road> Road: I have a boyfriend.
Why was Jesus so ripped? because he did crossfit...
Gaining weight from drinking so much water? Drink lighter fluid
How did the writer pop the question? He per-prosed
Canceling my subscription!! I'm tired of your issues.
*points at self* the man.. *poimts at foot* the leg-end
Circles. I don't see the point in them.
When you drop the beet... ...everybody's going to turnip
What did Hitler get for Christmas? An easy-bake oven.
"I've got 99 problems and they're all FABULOUS!" (Gay-Z)
Doctor Doctor my husband smells like fish Poor sole!
'Noah' plot hole: THE FOOD CHAIN.
Life is a soup And I'm a fork
What is a heroin addict's favorite website? Instagram.
What do you call an Italian with no hands? Mute
What is a porn star's favorite allergy medicine? (NSFW?) Bend'n'dryl
I bet... ... you clicked here.
What happens at night in Bangladesh? It gets Dhaka
Your momma is so fat... But I still fucked her.
How did Popeye buy long sleeve shirts?
The iPhone 5 will be able to print bacon
Congratulations on your accomplishments! Whitney Houston, on being year sober!
What's Hitler's favorite Pokemon? Nein-Tales.
Candy cigarettes are a gateway drug to rock candy.
What do you call a lost Asian man? Disoriental
What do you call a compliant volcano? A volcayes.
what's orange and sounds like a parrot? a carrot.
4-way car crash reported in Mexico City. 86 confirmed dead.
9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
What's Invisible and Smells Like Mice? Cat Farts...
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUUUUNNNGGGGGG
Q: What do termites eat for breakfast? A: Oakmeal.
I don't believe in ghosts. They're always lying to me.
How did Roman magistrates keep fit? Pontius Pilates.
What's the worst thing about living with Alzheimer's? I forgot
What kind of bees give milk? BOOBIES!!!
What did O say to Q? Your boto is showing!
Nosy Peppers Nosy peppers are jalapeno business.
TIFU by mocking a reddit mod [deleted]
Who is both a knight and a spy? Sir Veillance
What is Donald Trump's favorite type of cheese? White American.
If you think buying condoms is awkward, try returning them.
I don't like peanut butter... it just isn't my jam.
Closed letter to the Mods of /r/Jokes O
What has 2 heads and six legs? Nirvana
Which female comedienne likes terrible punchlines? BaDum **Trish**.
What is a store for dogs called? A Superbarket
What kind of dog is the quietest? A "shhh"nauzer
What's it called when a vampire kisses you goodnight? Necking.
What makes a software developer feel rich? Their Cache
Throwing acid is wrong... in some people's eyes
Which celebrity is great at creating probate documents? Will Smith
An Irishman walks out of a pub. ...
What's In Hitlers Nose? Snotzies
what do you call an italian whore? a pastatute lol
A comedian walks into a club and says the punchline.
What's the difference between an orange? One of them doesn't.
Why do Pokemon have eyes? So they can pikachu
What do you call sex with a burrito? Getting chipotlaid.
My penis isn't small. It's "artisanal."
It was a smart phone until I downloaded Twitter
SO lame!!! My significant other is crippled.
Who is an archaeologist? One whose career is in ruins.
Stupid Autocorrect you're always posting some thong you didn't Nintendo
What do you call a rogue toaster? A rebel appliance.
Three men walk into a bar... One said ouch.
I like my beer, like I like my violence Domestic
What fetish does winners hate the most? The feet
A man enters zoo enclosure to feed the tigers. succeeds
Who has two thumbs and a concealed identity? Disguise!
I found a website with guaranteed real virgins [NSFW] www.reddit.com
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs!
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs.
Soviet Russia In Soviet Russia, Turkey shoots you!
All I have is blood on my hands now. Papercut
What do you call 6.02x10^23 avocados? Guaca-mole
What is something we all lost? The Game
What's India's most popular dating service? Connect the Dots.
How do you say doormat in Spanish? Matador
What's bloody and painful and happens once a month? Flossing
Why was Civil Disobedience such a good essay? Thoreau editing.
Two jokes walk into a bar... Where's the punchline?
The economy is so bad....
What do you call a drunk dinosaur? A Staggersaurus.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? denimdenimdenim
What's the problem with Java jokes? They have no *class*.
Why was the cemetery plot salesman upset? Business was dead.
How do you make an Chocolat omelette? With Easter eggs.
Halloween ... The agoraphobic paedophiles favourite day of the year.
What do birds order when they go to Starbucks? Flappaccinos.
Penis It's an insideher joke
Abra abracadabra. I wanna reach out and stab ya.
If love is blind why is Lingerie so  popular?
Want to hear a joke? Tess Holliday.
Fat chicks don't get wet..... They get greasy
"Look slightly worried." - picture advice from The Singer/Songwriter's Handbook
What do gay zombies say? Heeeeyyyyrrrrrrraaarrrrrgggggg.
*interrupts dinner "IS THAT CLOCK REALLY YOUR GRANDFATHER!?"
"A cantaloupe is an antelope that doesn't."
Lady beavers call their vaginas, "people"
Civil war jokes? I General Lee don't find them funny.
What do Swedish people put in their coffee? Artifical Swedeners
What do you call the Pope after he's resigned? Ex-Benedict.
I got my first blow job today It sucked
What happens on Santa's lap.......stays on Santa's lap.
Clinton still leads Trump by 2! FBI Investigations.
Kanye running for president in 2020
I have a good joke... My grades.
I would walk over Lego's for you.
Acid... The taste you can see!
What do you call dirt? Dirty.
What did the redneck get on his SATs? Barbecue sauce.
How often do you use algebra? Equationally.
"Man, I did so much shit today" *throws away diaper
If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon player? Ash.
What kind of mint is the hardest to swallow? Abandonment.
What type of overalls did Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim......
If Turkey was attacked from the rear Would Greece help?
What's innuendo? It's Italian for "suppository".
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
Does syria have any walmarts? No, only targets.
"Will.he.was" -Will.i.am's tombstone
Where do suicide bombers go when they die? EVERYWHERE
What is an inconvenient truth with music? Algorithm.
An opinion without 3.14 Is just an onion... DEEP
My grandma can hold her breath for over fourteen years!
How do you buy hair? You have toupee
I redid my fence yesterday. It needed to be reposted.
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;Ms? Because he isn't real.
A kleptomaniac in a bakery really takes the cake
What's a Vikings favourite dance? The Loki cokey.
Who's the healthiest member of the Army? General Wellbeing
Don't sleep with politicians. They all have aides.
So glad I don't subtweet like SOME PEOPLE.
How does the moon cut its hair? Eclipse it. Ha.
Why did the bicycle fall over? it was too tired!
What's Dr. Dre's favorite vegetable? Beets.
Can you spell eighty in two letters? A-T.
I have constipation. ..I don't give a shit.
What do you call a procrastinating woodpecker? A wouldpecker
I like my steak just how i like ISIS... DEAD
*donates my body to science* Science: no thank you
International women's day
What's a prostitute's favourite type of bird? A cock-r-two
Lake Erie: Great Lake name Lake Titicaca: Greater lake name
What's a Frenchmen's favorite vacation? A retreat.
How do you kill a troll? With a firewall spell.
Ran a bath, checked Twitter, flooded Europe.
Why does Carlos Mencia love r/jokes? Reposts are allowed.
Why did Courteney Cox? Because Lisa Kudrow.
What religion do ghosts practice? Boo-ddhism
Catfishing my ex... So you could say we're back together.
Why is Africa hot? Because of dat Djibouti.
Musicians... cant seem to get of the [sofa](http://imgur.com/xUunghQ)
What are Russian clothes always made out of? Lenin.
Who's the best grammar Nazi? Adolf Hitler's grandmother.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
Want to Read a Bad Joke? A bad joke.
What kind of currency do astronauts use in space? Starbucks
He's street smart. Sesame Street smart.
What's a Mexican's favourite sport? Cross country
What is it called when Batman skips church? Christian Bale!
What is it called when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
I posted this joke 3 days ago Fucking FedEx
What's a pirates favorite fast food restaurant? Long John silvers
Mos Def (Most Definitely.) Hi Def (High. Definitely.)
Who is Bob Dylan's favourite soccer player? Harry Kane.
What is the room temperature on Tatooine? Lukewarm
Final words on germanwings flight recorder: "Dave's not here..."
Garden Water Features by Lily Pond
I used to watch 7th Heaven religiously
Why can't cops eat bacon? Because that would be cannibalism
What's hitler's favorite yu-gi-oh card? Blue eyes blond dragon.
I'm considering becoming a mind reader. What are your thoughts?
*Follows dreams *Ends up at refrigerator.
Why does Mary Kay walk funny? Her lipstick
why does Snoop Dogg use and umbrella? for drizzle..
knock knock...
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talking about.
Did you hear the joke #4126?
Whats the German version of silent night? Kristall nacht
Wanna hear a joke? Womens rights
Your dog has stockholm syndrome.
What is a Jedi's favorite salad dressing? Skywalker Ranch.
want to hear a joke about sodium hypobromite? NaBrO
There was a social anxiety convention No one showed up.
My sex party was a big disappointment... Nobody came.
Have you ever had sex while camping.... It's fucking in-tents
What's a Sudanese child's favourite TV channel? Khartoum Network.
Why couldn't Luke get any sleep? Because the Force Awakens
What's black and doesn't work? Decaffeinated coffee, you racist bastard.
What did one succulent say to the other? "Aloe there"
Anagram It told me to nag a ram.
2 Mexicans escape from prison. "Jesus, take the wheel!"
Two guys walk into a bar, the third one ducks.
Oral Sex: A taste of things to come
What do you call a fake noodle? An ImPASTA!
What rhymes with Autoerotic Asphyxiation? Writing an obituary is hard.
Jared Bogle Always trying to get into smaller pants
What do you get with breaking news? News casts
What do you do with a stuck tap..? Fawcett.
Congratulations USA We have officially gone black and gone back.
How do you turn lead into gold? Start a war.
What helps keep your teeth together? Toothpaste.
It's actually rude to shoot anyone, messenger or not.
Why doesn't Casper have any children? He has a hollow-weiner.
Feminism is a broad issue.
Paying for things with hugs Because it's legal tender.
You should never trust a molecule They make up everything.
remember teens: even Jesus once logged off for 3 days
Got this email from a friend:  CanYouFixTheSpaceBarOnMyKeyboard?
What's the core body temperature of a Tauntaun? Luke Warm
What's a white supremacist's favorite cereal? Special KKK.
My parallel parking skills are unparalleled.
Real laziness is being excited when plans get canceled.
How do you mute an Italian? Tie up their hands.
I need a joke about lightning keep it pg thanks.
Who is the scariest hobbit? Lorena
The early bird needs to shut the fcuk up.
What do you call a camel without humps? Humphrey.
Why doesn't barbie have any kids?
What does an elite hacker get after being arrested? [deleted]
Why are atheists so light? They have no mass.
Earth? yeah, I'd hit that -meteor
Keep your friend's clothes in your enemy's toaster.
What starts with an F and ends in "uck"? Fuck
What do you call a ship that drives itself? Auto-pirate.
Confucius say... French girl high maintenance. Chinese girl Lo Mein-tenance.
I saw a scary looking Middle-Eastern man so Iran
Did you hear about the russian prosititute Nickersonanoff
What music do dyslexic programmers listen to? Run/CMD
I scream. You scream. The police come. It's awkward.
I have no business with you, unless behind the bushes.
What makes a joke about ISIS funny? The execution
Facebook has made me hate birthdays more than funerals.
What is a suicidal person's favorite card game? Bridge.
I'm writing a book about futurology. It's coming soon.
Greatest Photocopy Machine 9Gag
TIFU by eating my coworkers sandwich Oops, wrong sub
How do Jews fight? With JewJitsu
what colour are Marios overalls? denim denim denim
How do you remember your wife's birthday? forget it once.
Maybe Adele is singing about her cats. You don't know.
What'd the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip
Knock knock The game
What do vegetarian zombies eat ? terri schiavo
My position on marijuana is slumped in a beanbag chair.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
I don't pay my taxes... Because I'm smart.
What separates Humans from Animals? The Mediterranean Sea.
How does the sun cut his hair? Eclipse it.
I intend to live forever... or die trying.
Keep reaching for the stars but get a better deodorant.
My parrot got himself a new suit. It's polly ester.
Where do they send female terrorists? Guantanamo Bae.
So, Tim Cook came out of the cloud?
Autocarrot sucks!
Cancer cures smoking.
What sort of drug does a duck use? Quack cocaine
What do you call a pig that votes? Polled pork.
How does Moses make tea He brews it..
What's an old woman taste like? Depends ...
What type of bagel can fly? A plain (plane) bagel!
How do magicians hide their boners? The power of missed-erection.
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass? Irresistible.
Bartender: What can I get you? Me: Drunk
Two women are at a cafe, sitting quietly
Why did the computer freeze? It got frostbyte.
You can tune a guitar... but you can't tuna fish!
A Blind Man Walked Into A Bar... and a table.
What do Mexicans use with the Wii-U? Amiigo
My bike is getting old. I had to retire it.
The invention of the shovel was a groundbreaking discovery
What dance do hippies hate? A square dance.
Why was the Rastafarian poor? Because he was jah bless
How does the Pope pay for things online? Papal
"God's last name is not Dammit." Unknown
What do you call the National Conference for Bridgebuilders? RubiCon.
What's Alderaan's main export? Dead bodies.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun ? Roamin' Catholic
Once you stop doing functional programming... You never return
What shoes do Ninjas wear? Sneakers!
My phone died... There won't be any service.
My computer isn't that nervous. It's just a bit ANSI.
what do you call bees on halloween? boo bees
What does a nosey pepper do? Get jalapeno business.
Why cant a Gorilla get a job? BECAUSE HE'S BLACK
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? Denim denim denim.
Why was the snowman's dog called Frost? Because Frost bites.
Shamrocks are the most dishonest of all the rocks.
Roofing... That's a bit over the top isn't it?
What do you call an unused piano? A keybored
What do Greek soccer players wear? Soccer tee's
What's blue and gold and comes in brownies? Cub Scouts.
Guy shoots Fake Gun in the air https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Auw8wJVU0l8
All this darkness is making me feel like Hellen Keller.
I hate Russian dolls... They're so full of themselves.
My iPhone's device name is "Titanic". It's syncing.
Ever have sex while camping? It's fucking in tents!
Why was 7 afraid of 8? Because 8 nined 10.
I make the Transformers sound when I change into sweatpants.
Why was the origami class cancelled? The school folded.
What do you call a broken boomerang? A stick
Unemployment jokes aren't funny They just don't work
What is Mary short for? She has no legs
When Jesus Makes Tea... Hebrews
What does a pretentious owl say? Whom whom.
What did Jesus do to lose weight? Crossfit
Don't be a doormat, be an electric fence.
Practice safe lunch Always use a condiment
Capitalism is horrible Buy my book to find out why!
Please stop throwing my only possession. ~dogs everywhere
What's a joke? My life...
I had sex with your mom A sandwich
Santa is nearby... I can sense his presents
Shoutout to sidewalks! For keeping me off the streets...
What do you call a nerd after highschool? Boss
Why are black people unfair? Because they're unfair.
My dog can eat more condoms than your honor student.
Wet T-shirt contestant asks former contest winner: Any pointers?
My kitchen timer broke..good thing I wasn't counting on it.
I was born in California." "Which part?" "All of me."
Why is Edward still in Russia? He's Snowden.
*robs craft store with hot glue gun*
Socialism jokes are only funny... ...if everybody gets them.
What's the world's sexiest phone number extension? 6969
Complaints via email or texts should be called "Read Whine"
What kind of cars do shellfish drive? Mussel cars.
How do you weigh a hipster? In Instragramm
What do gay cow's eat? Hayyyyyyy
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit Farts
So Steven Hawking walks into a bar...
When did 888 equal zero???? When Eight ate eight
Can fish get high on seaweed?
Which real-life dictator was the most fun? Napoleon BonaPARTAY!!!
What does a cell that's full of shit do? Lyse.
Some people should put professional victim on their resume
How do you reload a cardboard gun? With paper clips.
Election There was an election in New York.
I'm pretty gullible Or at least what they tell me
Who is the richest painter? Manet.
Do you know what a gay snake sounds like? Tthhhhhhh
Irreplaceable - Beyonce. I can have another you by tomorrow.
What's black and never works? Decaf coffee, you racist bastard.
What kind of bear dissolves in water? A polar bear.
What's the most beautiful thing in mathematics? A cute angle
What do you call a frozen terrorist? A isilcle
Morning wood starts the best fire.
My wife gives me sound advice. 99%Sound,1%Advice.
"Said no one ever." -Said everyone on Twitter.
Never give yourself a haircut after three margaritas.
This joke is missing a climax Just like your girlfriend.
I need your best NSFW joke, before our coffee break!
2012 finally we know ...
You are what you eat. *eats Ryan Gosling* *crosses fingers*
If any pandas are reading this: neat!
I can never tell the difference between your/you're/Asians
Uppercuts a horse. Creates the first girrafe.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotapus
Yo Momma so ugly.. She look like Darth Vader naked.
Knock knock Who's there? Atch. Atch who? Bless you.
What does Arizona name Colorado? Border Collie
You know what they say about camping... It's in tents!
What do you call a racist cereal? Special KKK
A blonde joke... Donald Trump.
Don't read "part a" backwards. It's a trap.
Knock, Knock! Who's There? Alzheimer's! Alzheimer's who? Knock, Knock!
What do you call a homeless Italian man? Giovanni Change
A Blonde Walks Into A Bar... she says "OUCH".
centipede: *trips* *but for like, an hour*
What is a physicist's favorite type of pants? Massless chaps
Whites are just like Asians, but with a cock
Drunk girls click "reply all" when they talk.
I'm in a band called "Transportation". We're going places.
a baby seal walks into a club..
Why can't Melania Trump feel her ass? He's away campaigning.
Two promiscuous citrus fruits have unprotected sex They get lemon-aids
Wait, Fellatio isn't a flavor of ice cream?!
My new thesaurus is terrible. Not only that, it's terrible.
A guy walks into a bar... "Ouch"
What's worse than having ants in your pants? Uncles.
What do you call a smart pig? Swinestein.
What do you call the German word for Vaseline? Derweinerslider
What do you call a Mexican child molester? A pedrophile
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaaaay
What does a squid sheriff form? An octoposse!
One man's internet wife is another man's internet husband.
Whats grey and comes in pints? Elephants
What would a scandal involving Microsoft be called? Gatesgate.
Shit. I was late for my time management class.
What do you call a stoned Irishman? A baked potato.
In Germany, we know of a joke The French military.
What about "BusinessMyspace"? Nah, it's taken. Okay, what about "LinkedIn"?
The moderators of this sub
Why did Scottish baby sneeze? It got week old.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtian.
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim denim denim
What did the bicycle call its dad? Pop-cycle
Why girls have zip in their pents?
Do you know what really bugs me? Discreetly placed microphones.
What do you call a viking cemetary? A grey fjord.
How often do I tell jokes about the elements ...periodically
Where do you take a sick boat? To the dock!
What started feminism? An unlocked kitchen door
What did one duck say to the other? Quack!
What's reddit without the R&amp;D? Edit:
Funniest joke I've ever heard. women's rights.
What do Trump voters call Holocaust survivors? Mulligans.
A pillow warmer is a stupid idea... Use your head!
Myspacebarhasstoppedworking  Only joking
How to trigger a liberal... Mention "Indians" around Thanksgiving time.
I save so much money by not having any money.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr Dre
what do you call an effeminate dwarf? A metro-gnome....
What is Trumps favorite movie? Minority Report.
What do you call a bee from America? A USB.
I know karate and tons of other words.
How does Donald Trump tie his shoes? In little knotsies.
Failed my wasp collection exam. Got a bee.
What month was King Kong born in? Ape-ril
I can't stand sitting down
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!
Women's rights.
I'm so bad at philosophy.... .....I Kant even
Girl: I like guys with six-packs... Guy: *opens refrigerator*
The Holocaust.
What did the Pirate say on his birthday? Ayy Matey
If your coffee tastes like mud... It's probably fresh ground...
Don't have phone sex.... You could get hearing aids.
What do gay horses eat? *HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY*
Makeup tip: You're not in the circus.
What bathroom does Roy G. Biv use? The colored one.
What is the most up-voted comment of all time? "repost"
Be strong, I whispered to my WiFi signal.
Poe, is your baby hungry? Poe: Nah, BB-8.
Who doesn't like lincoln logs john wilkes blocks
What is a monster's favourite drink? Demonade.
What kind... What kind of vitamins pirates take? Vitamin "D".
TIFU by posting in the wrong subreddit
For as long as I remember I've always had amnesia.
Kids suck. Even God gave up after only having one.
I really hate pretzels Some would even say I'm Anti-Anne's
Damn girl, are you r/Jokes? Because your shit's getting old.
If Michael Moore was a conservative... ...he'd be Donald Trump.
I'm giving up my new year's resolution for lent
Most action figures are surprisingly inactive.
Just threw out my one night stand. There were termites.
7 out of 3 people are bad at fractions.
What does DNA strand for? National Dyslecsics Association
My grandmother's stories always include the race of everyone involved
Chris Christie's Favorite New Dessert??? Impeach Cobbler
What kind of bird opens doors ? A kiwi !
Can you spell jealousy with two letters? NV (envy).
Have you heard the joke about Baltimore? It's a riot!
What is the best name for an acrobat? Phillip
Why didn't Thor like the party? It was too Loki.
Why can't accountants get library cards? They're book-keepers.
*Open up, police!!* "NO YOU'RE GONNA YELL AT ME."
What do vegetarian maggots eat? Linda Mccartney...
Empowered women
What is any guy's dream first job? A blowjob
My love is like a candle... (Fixed) http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/32850407.jpg
What do old lady vaginas smell like? Depends.
What was the fat asian rapper's name? Too chinz
For a tennis player, what is the perfect crime? Racketeering
Great minds think alike but dirty minds work together 
What is Link's favorite Final Fantasy character? Zell, duh!
Where does Jane Fonda buy her groceries? Traitor Joe's.
Apparently fat people in scooters despise being called a cripple-potamous
TIFU by burning my post oops retoast
Why do cows have hooves? Because they lac tose
When does John Cena get scared? When John CENA ghost!
I'm like an onion When I cut myself i cry
My Korean friend died yesterday So Yung...
Trump after Obama is like Umbridge after Dumbledore. R.I.P
Boobies Teehehehhe
Tron's full name was Tronald
What is your name? Hugh Mungus
*tries to turn on TV* TV: I have a boyfriend
where does a queer download his illegal software from? pirategay
How did "El Chapo" escape prison? Joaquin.
What does "Maginot" mean? Welcome
Whats a black persons favorite dance move the whip
What do you call a greedy lesbian? Bush hog.
*finally detangles ear buds *plane lands
HOT SINGLES IN YOUR AREA ARE RAISING A CAT ARMY.
Care less and you'll stress less.
Jesus take the wheel ~ Mexicans stripping a car
What do you call a group of babies? an Infantry
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist? Pokemon!
What do you call a slave snickers bar Sniggers
In hell the Mariachi band never leaves your table.
What are the two sexiest barn yard animals? Brown-chicken-brown-cow
What is black and eats pussy? cervical cancer
Overheard in the jewelry shop: "I swallowed for this??"
What were ACDC called when they were kids? ABCD
What do you call a Nazi cetacean? Adolfin.
brace yourselves, the orthodontist just died
Life is like a silent fart Pfft.
If you are getting a prostate exam... You're getting ANALysed!!!
What do you call a recovering alcoholic? A ginspiration.
"I'm not good at goodbyes." I am. See ya.
Worst. Cruise. Ever. - Katie Holmes
What do you call a Russian with three nipples? Whodyanikanipplov
I broke my arm playing golf today...
What's brown and sticky? My poop.
Unlike Eric Garner... I live for out of state cigarettes.
Common sense: Walk away. Me: No.
Tried Turkish food today... It was revolting
Why did Ellen Pao cross the road? [deleted]
According to WebMC, I be illin'.
Whats a printer's favorite sandwich? A paper jam sandwhich
"Fig Newtons: they're like a funeral in your mouth!"
Twitter - We built this city on block and troll......
Back off, doc. I'll close this wound. Suture self.
Just watched the uncut version of Scarface. Face
What do you call a clever pig? Cunningham
I have a great joke Newcastle United
Why can't Chihuahuas run marathons? They're short of breath!
What is Bruce Lee's Favourite Drink? WOTAHHHHHH
There's no easy way to steal a watermelon.
Confucius say...Man who fall in sewer trough, in deep shit.
Food is like Dark Humor Not everyone gets it!
I'm not fat. My stomach is 3D
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves? Christopher Walken
"Well, he's Jack Frost now lol" -Rose from Titanic, probably
Wife renewed me for another season.
My Ex? Yea I'd still hit that.........WITH A CAR
Alcohol is like real life photoshop for ugly people.
Verbs Without them we wouldn't get a lot done.
How did Hitler tie his shoes? With little Nazis
A man walks into a bar Ouch...
I'm in favor of spanking children. Their parents are not.
Why did you name your dog karma? She's a bitch.
Where do the Greek X-men sleep when camping? Mu-tents
You are one well-defined function!
A paleontologist who studies failed ancestral lines... A Faileontologist
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends? Because he's married.
America is converting to metric units... inch by inch.
What did the cheeseburger name her daughter? Patty.
Hey, wanna hear a Hillary Clinton Joke? [Deleted]
I'm never marrying anyone else that I find on craigslist.
What I've said most in 2016 Table for 1 please
I love babies... ...but I can't finish a whole one.
People with speech impediments are just misunderstood.
What is orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot
What do you call jokes on Reddit? Sit-down comedy
The non-Spanish version of Ambien is called Amgood.
What do cannibals eat for breakfast? Buttered host.
How do you comfort a grammar fanatic? Their, they're, there
Why did 11 eat 12? Cuz 12, 13, 14
Where does Putin negotiate? The Crimea River
Shake what your momma gave you. *shakes unemployed brother*
What does a Turkey eat when it's hungry? An Armenian!
Has anyone else's world ended yet? Mayan hasn't.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
I don't like road head I always have whiskey dick.
Owls are just nocturnal pug birds
Oh no, a subtweet. You got me.
What type of car explodes? A Talivan.
"I'm having a public meltdown!!" - A Snowman, maybe.
Why did the Dalai Lama go to Las Vegas? Tibet
Poor tradesman... ...blame his fools. I mean tools. Fuckin keyboard
Food is like dark humor not every one gets it.
If cats could text you back, they wouldn't.
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore.
What do you call a Pokemon with breasts? Rattata.
96 is the number of rejection.
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash.
What's the best way to search a linen store? Undercover.
Knock, knock... Tim Buckt.
swallow...
What's Imperial Britain's favorite game? Clash of Clans
Weighing elephants is .. A large scale problem.
679 Fetty Wap. 17/38 because that's his vision.
Those goddamn Asian drivers....... Always crashing my PC
What's a junkie's favorite videogame? Need for Speed.
College is like unprotected sex... Good until you get tested
A pedigree bulldog missing. Founders  rest in peace.'
What do you call a sarcastic abyss? A sar-chasm.
When I grow up I wanna be a fire truck
You gotta hand it to the blind prostitute. .. ...
What do vegetables watch when they're feeling frisky? Cornography
*knock knock* Who's there? To. To who? To *whom*.
*puts words between two asterisks*
what are you listening to right know ? candy shop.
What do you call a cow with epilepsy? Beef jerky!
"date night!" = "our relationship died a year ago!"
Zebra joke! I heard that zebras are neutral about racism.
What do you call and Indian funeral? A pool party
Orioles Buck showalter
The Naughty Schoolboy by Enid  Spanking
Where do epileptics love to eat? Little Seizures
What do you call a museum for cows? A moo-seum.
I rustle jimmies look at my name lol
What's the same as an ocean rabbit? A C-hair!
What's a balloon's least favorite music? Pop.
What do you call a vegetarian? A hopeless romaine-tic
Greek mythology in 3 words Zeus got horny
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
I ride a dog to work... The commute's a bitch!
TIL that 3.14% of sailors are pi-rates.
If a girl says vulgarities Is she called vulgirl?
Do you know how I got out of Persia? Iran.
If Helen Keller was a pokemon.. ..she'd be a Mewtwo.
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit the frog's finger.
You know what gets me about karma whores?
What are the bouncers called at a gay bar? Flamethrowers.
Please comment Apparently that's how the real jokes are made.
Christian pop music? You mean holy shit?
Who decided smiling would be the default expression for pictures?
What's the witches favourite pop group ? Broomski Beat !
The description is hilarious! The title is deeply misinformed.
"My name will live forever!" - Anonymous.
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends? He's Married
Why aren't PhDs real doctors? Because real doctors have cures.
You wanna know about hippie sex? It's in tents.
Shhh don't talk, I'm imagining you smart.
Friends are like balloons... If you stab them, they die
"I'd hit that!" -- me gazing at rock bottom
Why are horses never overweight? They're on a stable diet.
Relationship Status: Very relieved towels can't get pregnant.
What do you call a smart blonde? A Golden Retriever
Poker? I barely know her!
Heard someone died from eating a meal that wasn't Instagrammed.
What does a black person get for Christmas? Your bike.
Knock knock (Your turn)
How does a butcher introduce his wife? Meet Patty
Why can't orphans play baseball? Because they can't find home
A broom only likes one brand of comedy. Dustpan.
*reads own tweet* Haha, so relatable
What's got two legs and bleeds? Half a dog
Damn girl, are you a hoover? Cuz dam
What is an octopus? An eight-sided cat.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
Why are trigonometric functions always women? Because they have periods!
What type of store doesn't move? A stationary store.
What do you call a horny Donald Trump? President-Erect
My teacher accused me of plagiarism. His words, not mine.
I can only say nine English words. Well, shit.
It's a fact, taller people sleep longer in bed.
Shit's Creek is actually quite lovely when you bring paddles.
What is the worlds friendliest aircraft? A hellocopter!
Who should of gotten asphalt? Cleopatra.
"Hey babe, you smell that?" "No." "Me neither, start cooking.
I am so poor I can't even pay attention.
What do you call three crows? A crowd.
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza? Little Ceasars
I poured spot remover on my dog Now he's gone
Are you a whore? Because you are priceless to me.
What do you call a magic owel? Hoo-Dini!
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... Black
Who was Bin Laden's favorite rapper? TWOOO PLANES!!
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. Some things are just better rich.
"Hey Siri, what's your favorite 'Friends' quote?" "I'm very bendy"
How does a whore relieve herself? She prosti-toots!
PMS jokes aren't funny. Period.
What's the difference between Reddit and 9Gag? About 5 seconds.
Blind jokes? didn't see that coming..
WINDOWS 10 because SEVEN EIGHT NINE! That's all.
*Squats down to look for food in the refrigerator* Fitness.
What was the console gamer's New Years Resolution? 1280x720
You know what else is crazy? *googles synonyms for crazy*
*jerks off to a picture of a good personality*
Which composer do lumberjacks prefer to listen to? Chopin
*feeds you Cheetos while running my fingers through your hair*
Why did the Portuguese guy take Xanax? Hispanic attacks.
Picture us, making love. Wrong. More cheese.
Why can't girls count to 70? 'Cause 69's a mouthful!
You cannot eat me unless you spread me. -Butter
Your check a$$hole light is on.
Confucius say... man who jump off cliff, jump to conclusion.
Two heads aren't better than one if you're both stupid.
How does a vagina tell time? With a twatch
" What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies? snowballs
My girlfriend is like my will to live Nonexistent.
What do you call black vegetables? Collard greens
What does the base-jumping gardener say? GERANIUM!
Why did hitler kill himself? He saw his gas bill.
What is a pirate's favorite letter? A pardon.
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... ... and doesn't
With inflation, it would be Mambo No. 6.59 in 2013
What has four wheels and flies? My dead grandmother.
A blonde walks into a bar
Those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand.
Whats Black and Rhymes With Snoop Dr Dre
How to annoy a Redditor? [deleted]
Dyslexics are teople poo!
You're exceeding the limits of my medication. Please go away.
How do you think the unthinkable? With an ithberg!
I don't think so, people who are thinking so.
What's a gothic persons blood made of? Emoglobin
What's Iraq's favourite sitcom? Men behaving Baghdadly.
What kind of bees make milk? BOO-BEES!
What's black and smells like people? Black People
New research suggests that humans are double-minded... No they're not!
What's good on pizza, but not on pussy? crust.
An Irishman walks out of a pub.
What do you call a religiously-praised feces? Holy shit!
What do you call blonde girls in a wrapper? Airheads
Polish Joke anyone? Knock, knock. Who's there? A Polish burgular.
Why would somebody punch a sheep? Ewe wouldn't understand.
Have you seen my digital boat? Oh wait, its syncing.
How do you catch a steroidal fish? With A-Rod.
There's no "I" in "denial".
How does a redhead shave his pubes? Gingerly
What did the amazed Kazakhstani say? That's Astana-shing
What did Palpatine order in the drive thru? Friiiiiiies
Now..a cheaper way to express your love...-E-cards !
I married a chinese millionaire Ka Ching
What are the cops gonna do? Unrape you?
Why'd the chicken cross the road.? [reasons unknown]
Where Do Pirates From Kansas Go? AR-Kansas
The Harambe memes need to stop It's very de-meme-ing.
what is funny and starts with a j a joke
I like my men like I like mathematics. Hard.
Who is the most musical Canadian heroine? Laura C-Chord.
Pizza is an emotion right?
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
GTA: Online servers
Q: What does a blonde owl say? A: What what?
EAT becomes FAT If you don't draw the line.
My dick's like Pizza Hut... Kids eat for free.
NOT all policemen are strippers.
what was adam's nickname for eve? prime rib
Comedy is tragedy plus time.
If you've seen one shopping centre... You've seen a mall.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop Dog? Dr.Dre
"LOOK AT ME DON'T LOOK AT ME" - Cleavage
What do you call a masculine Arab? Protein Sheikh
Dear women married to homophobic racist adult males: Nice ass.
What kind of drink does a ghetto drinks? A GHETTOrade
What musician has the hardest instrument to play? A Tromboner.
What does an academic call masturbation? His seminal work.
State trash talk thread Insult your fellow state
Which French novelist looked like a scrotum? Balzac
So a man wins an argument with his wife...
AN OPEN LETTER TO COFFEE Thanks.
Potatoes are high in carbs. 'Baked' potatoes are just high.
Yo mama so fat She is overweighted
what do you call a deer without eyes? no eyedeer..
Farming isn't for everyone.. But hay, it's in my jeans.
Donald Trump, This is.. (optional)
What does a belt like to do? Getting Waisted
What does a sock taste like? Defeat
Changed Grandma's email signature to "Merry Christmas, ya filthy animal!"
I like my coffee like I like my slaves..... Free
I'm planning on being more spontaneous in the future
TNT was originally developed by Chuck Norris to cure indigestion.
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve? ...Christopher Walken
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
My dating life.
What does a crow call his penis? His CAWk.
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff [Punchline](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zXDo4dL7SU)
Hodor joke (Knock knock) Who's there? Hodor. Hodor who? Hodor.
How did the butcher cure cancer? With salt.
What kind of soda did Moses drink? Mountain Jew!
What do you call a confused Asian? Disoriental.
Life is like choclate Bitter if you're dark
Money's short
what's brown and sticky? a stick.
*mops up wine with cat*
It's hard having a cheesy personality... I get Provolonely.
How does an octopus go to war ?  Well-armed !
How do you make anti-freeze? Take away her blanket.
"Work fascinates me  I can look at it for hours!"
What's gay unless you're Chinese? A bro-job.
Do I know any jokes about Sodium? Na
My professor's name is Andy Nusbaum. His email is anusbaum@[university].edu
[offensive] what's pink and covered in cobwebs Madeline McCanns bike
I tried anal once It was fucking shit
You may be able to drive but do you Avocado
I don't do cocaine... I just like the smell.
Why are pills white? because they work
According to this BMI chart I am too short.
What do you call a rigged carnival? An UnFair.
You're a 10...on the pH scale cause you're basic.
Where do people send crazy cigarettes? To the menthol institution
What's the worst part about swim-up bars? The watery stools
Hey there.. Hi..
What does the Pope dip his chips in? Holy Guacamole
Why did the tree go to jail? Treason
Here's a joke about circumcised foreskins. [Removed]
Whats a Porn Stars Favorite Drink? 7up in cider.
What do you call a Mexican Juggalo? A Faygo Diego
Why would someone name a dog "pistachio"? Because they're nuts
Why is North America so salty? Because its Na.
No matter how kind you are.... German kids are kinder.
Knock Knock Who's there? Doctor Doctor who? Yes
How long does 8 sleep for? Forever.
How much do you weigh after eating Chinese food? Wonton
Why does my computer say Hello? Because it's a Dell.
What do you call a slutty housewife? A dirty dishwasher.
Why do people keep buying velcro? It's such a ripoff.
bet i can make you wipe your screen
How do street urchins communicate with each other? Gutterskype.
best nicknames: 1) Nick 2) 3)
Hitler was the worst camp counselor ever.
What animal is best at hitting a baseball? A bat!
Ronaldo shot so powerful It created a hurricane
I always cry after sex. God, I fcuking hate prison!!!!!!!
What did the baker name her dog? Pido.
Legally, you don't actually have to ever stop screaming.
What do you call an abortion at Hogwarts? *Avada kedavra!*
You can run but my rifle's got a scope.
*acts sassy* *flips hair* *walks into a wall*
*washes your smart car with a moist towelette*
New Zealand cricket
There's no I... in collaboration. Or denial.
What do you call a donkey throwing nuts? An astronaut.
What do cows that are stoners say? 420 graze it
How do you organize a space party? You Planet.
Thinking about getting a liver piercing. Gotta stay extreme.
What do you call a mexican on amphetamines? Speedy Gonzales.
What country has many sugar? sweetzerland
Why do wrestlers love video games? Because of the lutte
How do you REALLY confuse a gay person? Eight.
What kind of drink would a lollipop make? Sucker punch.
What's invisible and smells like bananas? ....Monkey farts
What was Abraham Lincoln's seating preference? Not John Wilkes Booth!
What type of pants does Mario wear? Denim denim denim
/u/JokeExplainBot walks into a bar and dies
I painted my computer black so it would run faster.
What do gay horses eat? Horse cock
What does snowman have and snow women doesn't, snowballs.
What do you call a Jewish vampire? Nosferajew!
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
What's black and runny Moses Kiptanui
Why are all castles disabled? They all have tur-rets
Marriage means commitment. So does insanity. Coincidence?
9/11 Jokes Aren't Funny... they are just plane wrong.
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new haircut? Neither has he.
Im on a first name basis with Madonna, and Cher
What do you call an inexperienced Egyptian God? Anoobis
How to understand girls.... Loading...
What do they call mosquitoes in Pakistan? Churchitoes
What makes a salami excited? When the ham is cured!
What is The Mountain's favorite tri-cep workout? (Spoilers) Skull crushers
So this baby seal walks into a club ...
What is Bruce Wayne's favorite religious health food? Christian Kale
What Operating System does a Redditor use? Fedora Linux!
Now playing: With Myself.
What's a pervert's favorite train stop? Molestation
How do hurricanes see?  -With one eye
Forrest Gump What's Forrest Gump's Facebook password ? 1forrest1
How do murderers turn off the lights? Killowatt
Which Christian denomination knows the most about dinosaurs? Episcopaleontologists
Why do all zombies have sprained ankles?
I'm obsessed with the earth It's like my whole world.
SISS-BOOM-BAA The sound of a sheep exploding
.@espn ugh all u ever tweet about is sports
I got hit by a rental car today. It Hertz.
My girlfriend is like Pi. Completely irrational.
Say what you want... ...about deaf people...
You wouldn't believe how many laws I'm obeying right now
Knock Knock Knock!! Who's there? The Mandela Effect.
What do you call an excited rectangle? An erectangle.
Carmen Sandiego is probably in San Diego
Oedipus? I hate that motherfucker
How to fleas travel ? Itch hiking !
Jesus saves! Because he shops at Walmart
What's blue and smells like red painting? Blue painting
Nutella: A reason to buy bread.
Greece is a good example of capital punishment.
"Here, drink this." - Me speed dating.
What is bruce lee's favourite drink? A fruit punch.
What kind of condoms do frogs wear? Rib-bed
It should cost $87 to leave someone a voicemail.
What small plant is used in war? The millitree.
Testing /u/trollabot no comments
Why do elephants hate flying? The seats are too small.
What is the name of Woody Woodpecker's girlfriend? Suzie Splintercunt.
What are Tony Montana's favourite trousers? Alpine Chinos
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaayaaaaay!
How do Jedi close programs force quit
I decided to write a joke about procrastination
How deep is a swimming pool? It deep-ends.
What's the capital of Greece? The G
Father's Day tip: Your Dad is busy this weekend.
What do fat people wipe their butts with? Toilet paper.
"I don't belong here" - dreadlock on a white guy
What's an oldie, but a goodie? A MILF's vagina.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A tyrano-snore-us rex.
What do you call a discounted circumcision? A rip off
A man is almost hit by a car. Chrysler averted.
fat people https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2uje2o/how_to_lose_weight_fast/?submit_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DzfOy5Ghv9rM&amp;already_submitted=true
What is the Speed of Darkness? ... ... Batman!
Where did the father of the paper sack live? Baghdad!
What does a Knight do at night? Nighty Night
Hit on the Head by I. C. Stars
STDs are like Pokemon. Gotta catch'm all!
You Rock... me paper, I win!
Why didn't the bike move? It was two tired. Sorry^that^shit^made^no^sense
I love Animals They are deeeeeeelicious.
After his passing... ...his re-released albums will officially be reprince.
Why did the neck bone explode? It was C4.
What does a gay mans penis taste like? Shit!
Everything is made from matter... That's why everything matters.
GUESS WHAT I SAW! Wood.
What is a Jewish person's favorite job? A lox-smith
People ask me questions like I'm listening
I bought a fan today... It blows, man.
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have they!
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have they.
I have boobs & a calculator. Math is irrelevant.
What do you use to make boot soup? Birkenstock
Why can't a bicycle stand up? It is two tired.
It's impossible to slowly tiptoe around without activating T-Rex arms.
I had falafel for lunch... Now I feel awful.
Showerthought: We should make an online dating site called eBae.
Dark humor is like food... Not everyone gets it
What kind of sound does a whorn make? A prostitoot.
I mean, I'm smart, but I'm no Alfred Einstein.
How did Jack grow his portfolio? He invested in beanstocks!
Subtracting the average from a distributing is demeaning.
What console does god use? Praystation
Day 218 of making fun of CrossFit.
Do they make those harmonica holders but for sandwiches?
Life without love is pointless.... Love without life is necrophilia
Where did Noah keep his bees? The Ark Hives
What concert costs 45 cents? Fifty Cent and Nickleback
How does Jesus like his meat? Saviory
French pastry bakers are scary They give me the crepes.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Nevermind, it's tearable!
You know what's fucked up? A girl on top.
You know who is lazy to type?
In my will I am leaving everything to the imagination.
Swedish Fish They aren't sweet, just sweet-ish.
What is yellow and can't swim An excavator :D
What do Germans call their own EasyMac? Mein Kraft
What is the Pope's favorite breakfast? Eggs Benediction.
What's a cherry's favorite sex position? on top
[OC] What's Elton John's favorite kind of conditioner? Levon.
I use to be addicted to soap I'm clean now
Marries a mime. Lives quietly ever after.
What do they serve you in a Viatnamese McDonalds? NAMburgers
Fact: It's not masturbation if you use a puppet.
Don't Commit Suicide 0/10 people who commit suicide recommend it.
What do you call breakfast? Breaking fast yooo!
The less hair I have The more head I get
What do you call a religious pediatrician? A pedotrician.
What do you get the girl who has everything? Penicillin.
Pizza slices are like fucks. I give none.
I'm not racist. White people scare me too.
What's half of 8? 5. The other half is 3.
should I get a "hummus" tattoo in Hebrew and Arabic?
Two Irish men walk out of a bar.
Medical humour A properly immobilized patient requires no anesthesia.
#BadTimeTravelAdvice Plague, shmlague. 13th century Europe is where it's at!
What kind of sweets do trucks like? Lorrypops.
The 70's called. They built a time phone.
What's accounting? Something Italians learn in preschool.
Toddlers run just like a 70s stuntman engulfed in flames.
58% of statistics are made up on the spot.
What do you call a dating app for neckbeards? Tipper.
What was Hitler's favorite animal? Da cow
I'd hate to be Turkey this Christmas.
Why didn't Hitler drink? Because it made him mean
I put the U in murder
What's Trump's favorite type of nut? A walnut.
I don't like male pornstars They always are fucking assholes
What do pirates use telephones for? Booty call
A guy walks into a bar... It hurt.
Women have a higher risk of getting pregnant than guys.
Why did Jose push his wife off the cliff? Tequila...
Anyone ever see Stevie Wonders wife? Neither has he.
It's only an overdose if you're dead.
Popped a tire on a pot hole today Badum tss
What is a ducks drug of choice? Quack.
A warning to prisoners of the Matrix Snitches get glitches
"Still hung. Over." -- well endowed truck driver.
How do you make a redditor... Click on a post?
A guy walks into a bar... And says, "Ow."
Submarines are just hipster boats.
Marriage. Because dodging your own family wasn't enough.
When fighting clowns, never hesitate. Go straight for the juggler.
What is the temperature of a Tauntaun? Luke warm
The road to hell is paved. That's nice.
How do scaredy-cats answer the phone?  Yellow?
What really ticks people off? Time bombs.
I think I'm allergic to mornings.
Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
What Do You Call a Romantic Basketball Player? Love Shaq
I hate French people They give me the crepes
A man walks into a sofa... Couch
How do you annoy Lady Gaga? Poker face.
Do vegetarians eat animal  crackers?
How do blind people sign contracts? On the dotted line.
What do skeletons order at restaurants? Spare ribs.
*Brings Oreos to a Christmas cookie exchange*
Had a brainstorm, 32 neurons dead, 104 missing.
When are jousting tournaments most commonly held? Knight time
Knock knock. Who's there? The pilot, let me in.
I wanna start a muslim tinder called a-salama-like'em or a-salama-hate'em
Why did the boy like doing trigonometry? Just cos.
A bicycle cannot stand alone; it's two tired!
What is a printer's favorite Village People song? YMCK
Whats a motivational word for a gopher? Gopher' it.
Mitt Romney
You have enough fat to make another human.
Who knew George Michael's "Last Christmas"... was about the coroner?
What kind of bees produce milk? Boo-bees !
THIS is best joke ever :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVYS0bbB70s&amp;feature=youtu.be
What was Bob the Builder called after he retired? Bob.
Didn't support the troops, saw a bumper sticker, now do.
What do you call really clear urine? 1080p
Brain cells come and go but fat cells live forever.
IPhone and Macbook users.
French intelligence joke
What's the most unfortunate name a prisoner can have? Neil.
Roman numerals. What are they good IV?
What do you call a Norwegian prostitute? A fjord escort.
What do you call a gay chickpea? A hummussexual.
Your mother is like a Christmas raffle. $1 a strip.
Dad, i know I'm adopted Hi adopted, im not dad.
What do Pedophiles hand out after dinner? Under eights
My favorite machine in the gym is the water fountain.
Cannibal (N.) ~ Someone who is fed up with people.
"To serve and protect."
Star Wars Spoilers (not really) Dumbledore dies!
By now Waldo must be wanted for tax evasion.
How do dogs save for retirement? With a Ruff IRA.
Whats long and black? the unemployed line.
Why Doe's Ellen Pao suck? Because of my big tits.
What's the difference between kindergarteners and /r/Jokes? Kindergarteners are creative.
Why do people call memes "dank"? Because they release dopameme!
What do you call a happy penguin? A pengrin!
Taken 4: How does this shit keep happening
Exclamation points are cocaine for sentences!
I got Mood Poisoning. Must have been something I hate.
NEW! TOP 100 TAZERS IN AMERICA!! #45 WILL SHOCK YOU!
What does a Mexican use to cut pizza? Little Caesars
Alcohol increases the Send Button size by 89%.
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? The Dark Knight rises.
What kind of girls date firefighters? Hose.
What's your grandma's favourite social media? Instagran
What are your best political jokes?
Me: Goodnight Moon *Moon favs but doesn't reply*
Stop telling jokes about Zionism. Israeli offensive.
How do you suffocate a redneck? Tape his mouth shut.
I like my slaves like I like my coffee. Free
I use bitcoin. That's my joke.
The greatest joke of all time... Android.
Damn girl, are you Jamaican? 'Cause Jamaican me crazy!
Nothing spoils the target more than a hit.
What do you call a moody bear? A bi-polar bear.
Back home from the chinese paralympics.
How many feet do 2 black chickens have?
My hair is beautiful.* *Conditioner applied.
How did Jesus like his chicken? Crucifried
Some people don't like fracking But the alternative is boring!
How do you drown a hipster? In the main stream
What do you call Mike Tyson on drugs? Methed Up
"I'm so hard right now" - math
what do Nazis drive? Auchwhips
What do you call a dog without front legs? Chester.
What kind of tape do kidnappers use? abDUCT tape
An only child invented the boomerang.
Don't have phone sex... ...you might get hearing aids.
Funny women are smart. Be careful.
Women go crazy only once a month for 30 days.
What's the most useless thing about a knife? The 'K'
*wipes pizza grease & sauce off mouth* *eats napkin*
People who love Trump hate themselves. Or Mexicans.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? a Lickalotopuss
What kind of poker do stoner cows play? High Steaks
Don't make jokes about 9/11... they're just plane wrong.
Sometimes Victoria's Secret is Victor's secret on weekends.
I hate pedophiles they're fucking immature assholes!
Got a reality check today It bounced.
Who corrects Santa's grammar? A subordinate Clause.
A Jew walks into a bar... ...and leaves
I kayak. Canoe?
My kids teach frat boys how to trash houses.
What's black and screaming? Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
What insect runs away from everything ? A flee !
RT if you just read Facebook for the ads
What did the german with food allergies say? Gluten Nacht
What's a grammar teacher's favorite dessert? SYNONYM ROLLS!
What do you call 'looking for a Korean'? Seoul searching
What kind of bagel can fly? A plane bagel!
Knock Knock Who's there? The pilot
A Irishman walks out of a Bar
Reddit CEO Ellen Pao is such a .. [Deleted]
A gay deer eats what ? HEY HEY!!!!
How do the jews comunicate? With smoke signals
Wanna hear a good dick joke? ...hold on, it's coming.
I'm not trying to be mean, but... I'm pretty average.
What are Jews better at that anyone else? Concentration
*gets stabbed "Omg that knife was clean right??"
The Lakers
Which actor is a dog's favorite? Bark Ruffaro
What do you call a Korean bulldog? *buldogi*
Every TEDTalk seems like a fake laugh convention.
I bought a fleshlight Because fuck it.
A guy with crossed eyes.. ..got stuck between a tree.
Knock knock/Who's there/9-11/9-11 who? YOU SAID YOU'D NEVER FORGET!
Where do pens and pencils go on vacation? Pennsylvania
Want to hear an ebola joke? you wont get it
Why did Windows skip to 10? Because 7 ate 9.
Knock Knock Who's there? Eat mop
How does loose leaf watch TV? Paper-view
What is the principle argument for a complex pirate? Arg!
One man's cougar is another man's grandmother.
I'm too immature for adultery.
Would you go into the woods? -Tiger Wood
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
Vegans don't beat their meat They beat their celery stick.
What's the difference between USA and USB? One has standards
Why don't Asians like bowling Because it's bowring I'm sorry
Do you know why I like camping? Because it's intense.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
What do you feed an autistic donkey? Ass burgers
What kind of cheese did Medusa eat? Gorgon zola.
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... Ba-da-cha!
What do you call a disabled paedophile? A creepy crawler
Why was 9 scared of 10 10 8 4 Ha
Whisper out to librarians!
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it
Karma is only a bitch, if you are.
How do you prove human beings are inherently curious?
Why are neutralization reations illegal? They involve assault.
Octopus How does an octopus make you laugh? With ten-tickles
Q: What insect is good at math? A: An account-ant.
Why Ireland so rich? Because its capital is always Dublin.
The World's Shortest Joke - Jimmy Carr Dwarf shortage
How do you confuse one whom is gay? Seven
What's the atheist's view on God? Nahweh.
The most positive subreddit award goes to... /r/hiv
So Brazil at the World Cup...
What is like tomato but better? DD-WRT
Apparently, I just ate 39 servings of Tic - Tacs.
What comes between fear and sex? Funf.
What comes between fear and sex? Funf!
Nigeria's president is up for re-election. Good luck Jonathan!
Nothing is certain but death and Adobe Flash Player updates.
Why can't a T-Rex clap? Because it's dead.
Tea Anyone? | New Daily Jokes
Dogs can't operate MRI scanners. But catscan.
What do you call presents after you've opened them? Pasts
The downvote button is not a disagree button.
"I'm so over you." - A blanket.
Velcro. It's a rip off.
Schroedinger either gave the best or the worst presents.
What do you call a Mexican Baptism? Bean Dip.
In Germany things generally go from bad to Wurst.
Hi, you've reached my voicemail. Why are you doing this?
Tighty-whities are like cheap hotels No ballroom.
My worst 3 subjects in school we're Math and English.
*fingers myself with giant foam Sharknado 2 finger
I'm not crazy, my reality is just prettier than yours.
I'd like deadlines more if they were called happy endings.
What is hard, long, and full of seamen? A submarine
I'm so horny I could eat out a horse.
what do you call the study of color? cyance
Shout-out to people just out of earshot.
9 out of 10 people agree... Gangbangs are AWESOME!
What is the holiest chord? G sus
Whats a mexicans favorite type basketball? Juan on Juan
11/9 The day America terrorized themselves.
Who's the roundest knight of King Arthur's court? Circumference
Dont' Wake the Baby by Elsie Cries
What kind of shoes does Solid Snake wear? Sneakers. Huehuehue.
What's pun plus pun? Poo
What's black on top and white on the bottom? rape
All this Reddit drama lately. That's the joke.
Procrastinators Unite! Tomorrow
Sarcasm: my second favorite -asm.
I think we figured out which one was Destiny's child.
"That's what" - She
19: Okay mom, don't freak out but... TOO LATE
Why is PC the mustard race? Because consoles can't ketchup.
What do you call a racist shark? Great Whitey
I got 66 problems and being upside down is 1
I removed electrons from a seal Got a seal-ion
''Ah fuck it" -Me. Making decisions.
Relationships are mostly you apologizing for saying something hilarious
best funny clip 2015 nice
[maintains eye contact while slowly rearranging the dishwasher]
Will the Australian eat jam? He Mar-might.
What's Jerry Sandusky's favorite football position? Tight end
What does a Spanish dog say at the marina? Bark-o.
How do you get a witch pregnant? You fuck her
Forgiveness is for people who don't know about arson.
I'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited.
Whenever I have a twitter break, I check my job.
Why do cows think cooks are mean? They whip cream!
Chuck Norris uses beer coasters as shurikens.
How do people in wheelchairs propose?
My Love Life is Like my Ferrari... It's nonexistent
What should you never say to a brony? Hello
Gaining Weight? ...It's a piece of cake!
Balloon's What's a balloon's favorite genre of music? Pop.
I keep the streets safe at night by staying home.
... Pichulamono123 , That's the joke.
My spirit animal died of neglect.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Why don't mathematicians have degrees? They prefer radians.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese!!
I find pedophile jokes to be quite childish.
Original (Dad's) pun: Sticks float. They would.
What's yellow and flys through walls? A magic banana...
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister's chin.
How do frogs die? They kermit sucide
Apparently we can't call it crowbars anymore. Its actually jackdawbars
I was gonna say a gay joke Butt fuck it.
What's a horse's favorite dance The Neigh Neigh
How is a girlfriend like a pronoun? Your's is possessive
I just found out Nicki Minaj isn't animated!
What Do You Call A Bad Mexican Restaurant? Shitpotle
What's a terrorists favorite sports team? The new York jets.
Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer.
Did you hear about the Crucifixion victims? They're screwed up.
The most overdone joke ever. [Deleted]
What is not the answer to this question? Not this.
2 people confessed to killing Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov
People who write hai and bai, wai?
Safe words are for quitters.
What currency do they use in space? Star Bucks.
Online piracy is bad, one time I downloaded a boat
Why was the cow's house empty? She was moo-ving
What does a gay horse eat? Haaayyyy
How do you power a fleshlight? With sexual batteries!
Colin Firth has a younger brother named Colin Thecond
What is the British equivalent of wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am? "Honey!" [Nut] "Cheerio!"
Remember when Muhammad Ali died? Yeah, neither does he.
There's way too much blood in my alcohol system today
German sausage is the wurst.
Thank god pets can't talk, they know so much
All women are different. Yet none of them can drive.
What do you name a tricky pig? Cunningham
What do you call an original joke? Baha Fresh
Why did Turkey disappear? Because Austria was Hungary.
Bestiality Is fucking bitching.
Anyone have any special planes for 9/11? *Plans.
"How do you perform mediation?" "Meditation? Uuuummmmmmm........"
Honey.... Where are my paaannts.??
Does killing time damage  eternity?
Who is Monica Lewinsky's favorite football player? Clinton-Dix
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews
I'm a narsciic- narcssiss- narcasassi- narcysis-narcis- I'm better than you.
There are no winners in life ...only survivors.
Here's the best joke I know The American School System
Why do clumsy people get married? They fall in love.
If a woman has eight vaginas... She'd be an octopus.
   Cat and tree a
My friend said she likes Nickleback
What four man rock group doesn't sing? Mount Rushmore
What does a redneck say for foreplay? "Brace yourself, Linda-Lou"
Which vitamine are feminists missing? D
Womens rights
What is yellow and incapable of swimming? An excavator.
What is mozart doing nowadays? Decomposing
Why was the daybreak sad? Because it was in morning.
What do you call it when two snowmen 69? 88
How do Eskimos make things stick together? Igloo
"sorry sorry sorry reallysorry reallysorry sorry" - remorse code
What's a bees favourite flower ? A bee-gonias !
What's Hitlers favourite weather? HEIL!
I wish gummi bears screamed when you ate them
The Earth is roughly 70% water and 30% haters
Why are jokes about rotten eggs banned? Because they're infeggtious
Dear ugly people, You're welcome. Sincerely, Alcohol
What's a shrimp boat captain's favorite drink? Hi-C
I feel as useless as a Kardashian sister's library card.
Romeo &amp; Juliet.doc... ...is a play on Word.
Superman and Eyore had a baby. The baby's name? Supereyore
Two fish swim into a concrete wall "Dam"
I cant comprehend constipation That shit is too deep
What's a white racist's favorite food? Klan Chowder
wtf is almond milk almonds ain't even got titties
How do you make a Scottish omelette?
What kind of riddle has no answer?
Chuck Norris's sweat has burned holes in concrete.
Want to hear a good Nirvana joke? Nevermind.
A lawyer goes to heaven...
How does the Terminator lose weight? By counting Kylereese.
What borders on silly? Mexico &amp; Canada
Did you hear about the italian chef? He pasta way
Mail! Female!
Knock Knock Who's there? The Pilot
What's Pee-wee Herman's favorite entree? Stroganoff.
"slippery when wet" signs should be on everything.
How tall is Luke Skywalker? Six foot force :)
What is Titus Pullo's Sandal Size? THIRTEEN!
Cremation My last chance at a smoking hot body
I did my presentation on stools, got a shitty mark.
*nudges widow at funeral* are you thinking Arby's
Almir Payday 2 That is all, thank you.
What did Hitler say when 7 ate 9? NEINNN!!
Only 30's kids will get this... Jesus.
Who let the dogs out? Woof, woof, woof, woof
Autocorrect sucks Amorites guys?
My favorite gift to girls... is PTSD.
What's the fourth derivative called? Inauguration. Why? Change of jerk.
Who's Zombies greatest enemy? Necrophiliacs
Due to Michael Jackson's passing...
What did the devil get arrested for? Possession!
I childproofed my house, but they keep getting in.
What so you call an Asian jew? Jew Lee
Can't live without your coffee? Tweet about it!
*Goes to the store* *Buys donughts, doughnut holes, and glue*
What do you call an angry archer? A Cross Bowman
"I will take a nirvana sandwich." "One with everything"
Why did Hitler kill himself? He got his gas bill.
There's nothing horribler than a word that isn't real.
Sex while married
The human body is basically flavored water
What do you call a well-endowed Asian man? Hung Lo
What do Peacocks mate with? Peacunts
What's the difference between bullets and people? People miss Harambe
I once heard this joke about corn It was a-maizeing
Cannibalism isn't funny Although, it depends on a person's taste...
What do you call a policeman on fire? Bacon.
5 shots + 18 beers = 6 apologies
What do you call an Israeli rooster? A koke.
What's the smelliest type of pencil? A #2 pencil
What do you call sandpaper on fire? Bernie Sanders
Where does the vampire sail? In the bloodstream.
What do you call a British voyeur? A bird-watcher.
What's the only thing worse than asbestos? Asworstos.
What's the instrument of oppression? the Trumpet
Why do russians rush B? To break the rush-A stereotypes
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends? Because he's married.
Q. Where do fish sleep? A. In a river bed
Two dyslexics walk in to a bra
Where is the Serengeti Plain? At the Serengeti airport.
What do you call a paper car? A paper-machacedes
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? The Dark Knight Rises
What did the acorn say when it grew up? Geometry
Why is proctology called proctology? Because analogy was already taken.
"I HATE TACOS!" ...Said no Juan ever.
Tear gas is the saddest gas.
You're only as good as your internet connection.
What are prostitutes paid? Loads
What do you call a rising poll? Upvote
what do you call a gay french man? a faguette
I turned into a cat earlier Don't ask meow
Do we still not know who let the dogs out?
Where's the middle of nowhere? It's three letters in. "H".
I'm not apathetic, I prefer emotionally constipated.
What do you call a rich Chinese person? Cha Ching
I'm always on the guest list at Club Sandwich.
What do you attach to a transgender chicken? Dez Nuts!
Why was the paralysed man uncool? Because he was lame.
buzz lightyear's ful name is "bumblebee 9.460731012 kilometers"
Why do Muslims not eat pork? Because MaHamHid
Million Dollar hipster food idea: Insta.ham
There are 3 types of woman [reddit!](http://data1.whicdn.com/images/55422337/large.png)
Get it? http://imgur.com/AIhM5
What's your best one-liner?
Excuse me while I go slip into something more alcohol.
TIFU by posting in the wrong sub. Wait...
I win all of my breakups by not getting fat.
How much does a hipster weigh? An Instagram
Why does Mike Tyson cry during sex? Mace
They should make a gym for cops, called "Stop Resisting".
(Physics) What's a physicists favourite graph? A Van De Graaff.
What's long, hard and has cum in it? A cucumber
What did the engineer say to the flood? Dam!
I'd rather be an outlaw than an in-law.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin Catholic
I'd give anything to be a philanthropist. That is all.
What's black, white and red all over? A newspaper.
Whats yellow and lives off dead beatles? Yoko Ono
How do Eskimo fleas stay warm? A flea's blanket.
What kind of bread always goes wrong? A rye
What is the dirtiest day of the week? SaTURDay
Gay dudes are fucking assholes! Straight dudes are fucking vaginas.
And before bros, churros.
"Java is to Javascript as ham is to hamster."
Where do you hide after a murder? Behind a badge.
An opinion without 3.14159 is just an onion.
4:04 AM Error! Sleep not found!
Jaden Smith
Which are the scariest kind of bees? Zombees
What kind of skin lotion do acrobats use? Cirque d'Olay
What do hostages eat? #ThingsYouDontAskAlexa
That's the pope favorite method of payment? PayPal
How do skeletons greet each other? Bon'nichiwa
What instrument does the uterus play? The fallopian tuba.
What's a Russian's favorite snack? Chechen Nuggets
Knock knock Who's there? The pilot, let me in.
Whats pink and always slippery? A pink slipper
What is a tick's favorite fruit? Lime.
What do trees take when they have a headache? Aleve.
Why can't the plane fly? Because it's grounded.
Guns don't kill people Bullets do
I'm wearing this hipster's carcass ironically.
Plot twist: Everybody shoots Cupid with an arrow.
We trace hands to make turkeys. Quite a handy technique.
"You like mayonnaise? Prove it." - Costco
There should be a food group called "fuck it."
What do you call an Indian lesbian? Mingita...
What's gambling like in heaven? It's a pair-a-dice.
Donald trump Is a good president
What's E.T short for... Cuz he's only got little legs
I can't stop making figurines of Frodo It's hobbit forming.
What do all rioters have in common? Youth
What do you call a smart blond? A golden retriever.
What is Jesus' favorite workout? Pontius Pilates
Knock-Knock [pic]
Ops mom Wait... shit.
What does a house wear? Address!
For tax purposes, my carpe is now per diem.
To neigh or not to neigh. That is equestrian.
We should call people who vape... *vapires*
making it rain (CHEETOS) in the club (my bedroom)
Why couldn't the physicists change the lightbulb? Too much work.
Weird how TV characters hardly watch any TV.
Ate a vegetable about 5 hours ago...Still no abs.
Why does Jesus eat at Benihana? Because he loves miso!
What type of gun do time travelers use? A Clock-18
Did Steve Jobs' house have windows? ...
Without nipples... ... Breasts would be pointless.
"Who watches this shit?" - Me, watching shit
What's an archaeologist's favorite verb? Bone.
I hate people who don't finish
How do you say Constipated in German? Farfrompoopin
What did Batman give Doctor Freeze with his whisky? Just-ice
Fact about apple car It has Windows
Legally,It's questionable. Morally,It's disgusting. Personally,I like it.
I really admire what Caitlyn Jenner did Took some balls
Where does the general keep his armies? Up his sleevies.
Why are successful people such assholes? They get shit done.
What idiot decided to call them koalas instead of awww-stralians?
What's the worlds longest sentence? I do.
If there's a pedicure, why are there still pedophiles?
*gets into trouble* Trouble: Wrong hole.
Snoo VS Reddit Stalker More like... ***Alien VS Predator...*** **/o\**
What is grey and comes in quarts? An elephant
What do you call a vegetarian fart? Kale force wind!
What does a psychologist wear to bed? A Freudian slip.
What are Mario's pants made of? Denim denim denim.
What do you call a wine loving horse? Chardon-neigh.
How do you defeat your enemies? Chop off their feet.
My favorite endangered species is the black NASCAR fan.
What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles...
Cracks chemistry joke No reaction
Who's a bitch? PinkShine
R.I.P Dense Water Vapour. You will always be mist.
What's a vampire's favorite drink? A Bloody Mary.
Yo mama cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
What do you tell a cow blocking a road? Mooove
Say what you will about censorship on Reddit [removed]
*baby takes first step* wow took you long enough
*shakes the ATM like it's a vending machine*
You know what they say about STD'S Sharing is caring
I'm celibate because i don't give a fuck.
Is it just me? ... or are circles pointless
"We are going to Taiwan" Juan: No, please don't!
Just saw the hottest DILF! (it was glazed)
I like my women like I like my coffee, Quiet.
What do you do to a dead scientist? You Barium
Testing, please ignore Test^(ing)
Learn from your parents' mistakes: use birth control.
How are condoms like cameras? They capture your special moments.
Explosion at a pie factory. 3.14159265 dead.
Web MD should go ahead and sell caskets.
S.I.N.G.L.E...sexy! innocent! naughty! gorgeous! lustful! exciting!
Eli5 What is it like being six.
Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia: Fear of long words.
I googled 'missing medieval servant boy' 404 Paige not found
Don't believe that bullshit. Failure is ALWAYS an option.
What is a martian's favourite chocolate? A mars bar
What's a rabbits' favorite movie? Rabbits of the Lost Ark.
On what kind of ships do students study? Scholarships.
Worst name for a group of election tellers. The tally-band.
the divorce rate among my socks is astonishing
Why do robots make bad lovers? Nuts &amp; bolts!
Bigamy is having one wife too many. So is monogamy.
What is a dental hygienist's favorite subject? Flossophy.
Why did Simba's father die? Because he couldn't Mufasa!
I met Mrs. Right today Too bad she's already married.
How do you confuse an idiot? Seven.
Who won the Asian cooking contest? It was a Thai!
What's brown and sticky? A poop.
How much is an M&amp;M? 50 cents. That's Ludicris!
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt.
What did the scornful owl say? Twit twoo.
What's Grey and Comes in Quarts? An Elephant.
How do you call an intelligent blonde? A Labrador.
Scientists have reversed Global Warming! Get rekt, Sun!
What do you call a clown eating a mushroom? Jeff
Why was the skunk angry? He was incensed!
What do you call Wolverine post-op? An x-man.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Don't let herpes become yourpes.
TIL TIL means TIL
A good name for a transvestite. Susan B. Anthony
What's a pedophile's favorite pair of shoes? White Vans.
The best underwear jokes.... are brief.
A lion would probably call a Kenyan runner fast food.
What do you call a alligator in a vest? Investigator.
womens rights Lol
What does racist matthew mcconaughey say? alt-right, alt-right, alt-right
What do you give a sick horse? Cough stirrup.
Who is the best Jewish cook? Hitler.
Every 60 seconds in Africa, a minute passes.
I'm just me looking for fun
The bassist walked past the bar.
Porn stars' favorite drink? 7-Up 'n cider.
What do you call not wanting to reminisce? No-stalgia.
Why can't Edward leave Russia this winter? He'll be Snowden.
What is r/jokes' main function? ctrl+v
I disagree with liquor store hours. It's 8am..let me in.
You've got to let me meet your dentist, black people.
My dad hit my with this one: His belt.
Why are horses so negative? Because they're nay sayers.
What do you call a good joke on Reddit? Unoriginal
Is it just me Or do circles seem pointless?
"Let's call it a day." -Guy who invented that word
In Catholicism, souls have mass.
"that escalated quickly" -idiot in an elevator
Have you tried complaining about it for hours?
I'm not racist, my shadow is black. 
TERRIBLE INVENTION PITCH: decaf Red Bull
Whats black and isn't working? Black lives matter.
Who's the aardvark's favorite female vocalist? Bearbara Streis-ant!
Ocean How does the ocean greet us?
What do you call an obnoxious potato? A dictator.
CaO+H2O=Ca(OH)2 Is this reaction illegal too?
What starts with F and ends in UCK? Fire truck.
What is a vampire's sweetheart called? His ghoul-friend. 
A dinosaur walks into a bar and says. #RRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRR.
Fruits are single-handedly keeping the sticker industry afloat.
What do cars do at the disco? Brake dance.
Why didnt the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe
How do Russians watch online movies? Nyetflix!
In the Ben Affleck version, Batman's parents kill themselves.
Darth Vader should've married... A woman named Ella
Talk is cheap until you hire a lawyer.
"Please stop that." -person who witnessed first guy beatboxing
Where do bees go on holiday ? Stingapore !
Is a Welshman's girlfriend... ...his baae?
My dyslexic brother made ginger bread yesterday. Poor Tyrone..
Why did the monks go to the casino? Tibet.
What do you call a Jewish feline? A yama-cat
john was feeling happy happy felt disgusted and ran away
Fucking cows... ...wouldn't recommend it.
What a time to be alive! Right now.
Whats a rapists perfect date? Netflix and kill.
What do you call an owl who does magic? WHO-DINI
What did the square say to the root? "Radical"
What is Batman's favourite hair product? Conditioner Gordon.
My teenage daughter is very odd She literally can't even.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's now working in pest control... He's an ex-terminator.
What's the difference between public hair and pubic hair? Pants.
probably the best joke rn your face...
Resistance training But me dragging my kids into school.
Hey, Lucy! Does this rag smell like Chloroform to you?
Is your refrigerator running? Because I would vote for it.
The Worst "F" Word Finals
The hardest part of eating a vegetable... Is the wheelchair.
And we're still calling it auto "correct" because....
How Long is a Chinese name.
What's in a domestic book? Home page.
What makes an ISIS joke funny? The Execution
Just threw away a trash can. That was weird.
What's long, black and doesn't work? The unemployment line.
How do you spell coward? S-O-N-Y
What country is the most fragile? China!
A man walks into a cafe... splash!
Too err is human... To Arr is pirate.
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Ten-ish
Here's a joke The amount of subscribers to this community
Does anyone know any jokes about buttons? Topic.
Pilots will get this. RETARD! RETARD!
Confession: I have dipped cheese into softer cheese.
What's the world's most dangerous city? Electricity
80% of making $120 million is just showing up.
Why did the integer drown? Because it can't float.
Sequencing. What's the key to a good joke?
How come ambassadors never get sick? They have diplomatic immunity.
What age were pigs discovered in? The Saus Age.
What's an English teacher's favourite cereal? Synonym Grahams
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Gagsalotofdong
Paranoid Mexicans have a Hispanic room.
What do they call Peter Pan in China? Peter Wok
Why is an angry drunk not called mean-spirited?
Nicki Minaj knows we can see her, right?
This sub has the most AMAzing jokes on Reddit.
Why I don't like gays staring at me Their gaze!
Neurotic Girls... Wear Freudian Slips
What's a Mexicans favorite candy? Jelly beaners.
Are you all allright? No, you are all left
Girl are you a dinosaur? Cuz jurassic.
Why is Tumblr so odd? Because they can't even.
A blackout is just your brain clearing it's browsing history.
Why did the boy jump off the dock? Pier pressure
What do feminists do in Halloween? They go Triggertreating.
What did one quantum frog say to the other? Quibit.
It's complicated" is just code for, "I'm willing to cheat."
A man walks into a bar. Ouch
What do you call graveyard shenanigans? Tombfoolery.
What do birds say on Halloween?  "Trick-or-tweet!"
TIFU by using disinfectant wipes on my ass. Just joking!
Problems I've got 99 problems and they're all first world.
What is the most abundant spice in Africa? Paprika.
What do you call a handjob in chemistry? Strokeiometry
What type of computer is unusually large? A Dell
Shortest Horror Story: Tomorrow is MONDAY again!
Once you go black... you're a single mom.
What do you call a heavy toilet? El ton john.
What personal space? My dog
In know what comes after I... Just Kidding!
Relationships are like houseplants, if they're mine they die
Why was the Mexican bad at archery? He didn't habanero
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A Rip-Off
Which one of you eggs is my employer?
Ever heard a good joke about sodium? Na
Sandwich: Hi. Barman: Sorry, we dont serve food in here.
What has four legs, feathers, and can fly? Two birds
What rhymes with orange no it doesn't.
Why do cows have hoofs? Because they lack toes
What's a tents favorite kind of meat? Stakes
What do you need to split a photon? A lightsabre
Are you half decapitated? Because this joke is poorly executed.
Is everything expensive or I'm just poor?
What's a dogs favorite part of a tree? Stick? BARK!
What's Sauron's favorite soft drink? Mountain Dewm
A man walks into a bar and says OUCH!
What idiot called them dog tags instead of collar ID
Why is Pavlov's hair so soft? Classic conditioning.
Do you want to know what's really annoying? [deleted]
What's the Cincinnati Zoo's least favorite rap group? Gorillaz
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite sex position? FUCKING RAAAWWW!!!
Potato potato tomato tomato It works better when spoken...
Santa loves the rich kids more.
What's brown and smells funny? Clown Poo
What did the blind deaf kid get for Christmas? Cancer.
Your mom is like Reddit always under a heavy load
You lost me at "my psychic said.."
What is Eren's (AoT) favorite song? Moves Like Jaeger
Yes, I read the Internet. But only for the articles.
What is Obama's least favorite Christmas Carol? Let It Snowden.
After A Game "We kicked their asses!" "Yeah, we rectum."
What is a ghost favorite fruit ? Boonanaa !
What does a Japanese guy name his pet lion? Ryan
What's a seal's favorite class? Art art art :)
What is Wun-Wun's favorite activity? Taekwundo.
What do you call a cold North African? A Brrbrr
What's the smelliest breed of dog? A poo-dle
What's the problem with radioactive underpants? Chernobyl fall out..
I saw a beautiful pumpkin today... It was gourdeous.
What's an Islamist's favourite crop? Rice is.
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy.
How do you get Pikachu on the bus? Pokemon
I have a Love/hate relationship with slashes...
My girl friend enjoys S&amp;M comedies. Usually slapsdick.
.@Beyonce can you feed my turtles while I'm on vacation
Tell me somethig dirty... VW Jetta 2.0 TDI
I liked Kim Jong-un better when he sang Gangnam Style.
Life is just better when you're laughing.
"Toothpaste? You made that word up!" - Steve Bushemi
What do you call a mexican protein? Amigo Acid
I like sleeping, it's like death without the commitment.
What's ET's first name? Spag.
Why can't cows do ballet? Because they lactose.
You shouldn't write with a broken pencil It's pointless
I have a stepladder. I never knew my real ladder.
Careful girls, fat guys just wanna get inside your pantries.
Don't give Trump viagra He'll get taller.
Make the little things count Teach math to midgets
What do you call a straight Godzilla fan? Hedorahsexual
Why did the jellyroll? He saw the apple turnover.
"Super Faggot" is a terrible nickname for a baby.
Santa keeps his suits in the clauset.
Looks like Black Friday started early in Ferguson
Know how much a pirate pays for corn? Bucaneer
A Mormon walks into a bar.
My can of whoop ass seems to have expired.
"Let there be one more blade!"-Gillette marketing concepts.
We all grew up in the hood Childhood
I'm starting to feel bullied by all the anti-bullying commercials.
What's a Canadian Anarchist's favorite shape? A circle, eh.
what's the definition of confusion? Fathers day in Detroit.
What do you call Japanese pussy? Yellowtail
I'm in the mood to multiply
What do you call a furiously masturbating dinosaur? A Velocifapper.
My next song is about subtraction. Take it away...
What's Brown and rhymes with "snoop"? Dr Dre.......
How does Frankenstein sit in his chair?  Bolt upright.
Curiosity microwaved the cat.
What did Al Gore play on his guitar? An algorithm.
I do my trigonometry outside... cos tan.
Imagine me with poor grammar. Wrong. Worser.
The man who created autocorrect has died Restaurant in peace
If you're happy and you know it go to hell
vegan zombie what does a vegan zombie eat? GRAAAAINS
What is a whales favorite pasttime? Netflix and krill.
My wife's cooking is incredible! With a silent 'cr'
What did the hookers hang on the christmas tree? Whore-naments
What is America worth? Nothing, it's a free country.
physics gives me a large hadron.
What is a Dutchman who lost his driving license? Homeless.
*sleeps with the fishes but does not use condom*
What did the cow with a cold say? Boo
R Kelly taking the art out of rap artist.
why is math book so sad? it has many problems...
Out of 11, how bad is your OCD?
I just made up a new word Derpflarp
Does anyone actually know the secret to good click-bait titles?
Who always wins at musical chairs? Rosa Parks
Friends are like potatoes. When you eat them, they die.
Where did the Indian buy his sandwiches? The New Dehli
What did fish A say to fish B? Wasabi?
My New Year's resolution is 1920 x 1080!
Mothers with teenagers know why animals eat their young.
Fun Fact: Cats call their pussies "people"
Why do electricians wear pants? Because they hate shorts.
Your name is Jeff with a G? Jeffg? Ok
A man walks into a bar *ouch*
You can't be anti-abortion AND pro-death penalty AND a unicorn.
When a roofer works pro bono... It's on the house
Happy New Year #2018 first.
I passed my genetic engineering exam with flying koalas.
My dick is like my grades.... Because its curved.
Vampire who is obsessed with his diet. -Count Calories
Shakira molests air and calls it dancing.
What do you call cheese that is by itself? Provolone
It's getting harder and harder to find vodka-flavored vodka.
The leading cause of depression is reality.
Two elephants jump off a cliff Boom, boom
When do we need airplane noises? NEEEEEEEEOOOOOOWWWWWWW
What's a Lawyers favourite food? suet
Why did the Trump inauguration look so small? Camouflage!
Ever have sex while camping? It's intents
C sections. They really take it out of you.
Stop correcting my vodkabulary
I'm not bisexual. I'm ambisextrous.
What do you call a dog cartographer? Newfoundland
How do you make a neato burrito? With cool beans.
If Joffrey Baratheon was anymore inbred... he'd be a sandwich.
Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
What time do you go to the dentist? 2:30
Life is basically one long, terrible date with yourself.
How does a lawyer sleep? He rests his case...
I built that beach a sandcastle. Beaches love sandcastles.
What do you call a chicken without feathers? Dinner!
Meth, because teeth are annoying.
What's the cheesiest Stallone film? Roquefort.
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? BA NA NA NA!
What did Hellen Keller name her dog? Naaaaagggghhhhhhh.
What were the last words of king Laius? "Mother fucker."
What is your favorite biology joke?
One man's sarcastic answer, is another man's stupid question
Shout-out to my arms For always being by my side
I'm opening up a Battered Shrimp Shelter in my stomach.
WHO AM I?-Everything Bagel
What is it called when Batman leaves church? Christian Bale... 
What's orange, and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Silence is Golden by Xavier Brethe
You know what most people hate about ambiguity? Stuff.
"It's not you, it's meat" - vegan break up
What do you call an Italian's semi-formal shirt? Marco's polo
I don't like anti jokes... I like uncle jokes
What's white on top and black at the bottom? Society
Sorry, my dog ate your text message.
Damn girl, are you damn girl? Cuz damn girl.
What does batman get in his drinks? Just Ice
What's the heaviest soup? One ton soup.
Twitter: something to read when people are talking to you.
What's yellow and smells of bananas? Monkey sick
Eyebrow gaps are so much more important than thigh gaps
What does Hitler say when he's impressed? That's Totalatarily Awesome
What's the spaciest kind of camel? Andromedary
What is the world's fastest land animal? The Ethiopian chicken
What was Ghandi? Super-callous-fragile-mystic-hexed-with-halitosis
Here is a horrible insult. You look good.
I told my friend he was noble.... He didn't react.
Kristen Stewart looks like she always has mono
Carbs are my starch enemy.
My last girlfriend was a promiscuous impressionist. She did everybody.
What do dyslexic zombies eat? BRIANS!! Everyone else is safe
Divorced couples have two chromosomes. Ex and why.
If all else fails, pretend you don't speak English.
My misery likes tequila, not company.
Why don't tortoises wear scarves? They have turtlenecks
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
Never go car shopping when you're hungry for cars.
Who so thelioma? Mesothelioma
Matthew McConaughey is for Matthew McConaughorses
Why are they called dive bars? Because they have pool
You Tolkien to me?!" - Hobbit de Niro.
Skunks are just mean cats with asshole powers. Get it?
RIP Fidel Castro You will be Commu-missed.
*stares into distance* Distance: Please stop staring. It's rude.
Damn girl, are you from Syria? Because you're revolting.
I need a good pun about Calvinism
Mr. Habbits overdosed on dick pills old habbits die hard
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi
I am going to kiss you and take your resources
The Insomniac by Eliza Wake
Who forgot his phone charger today? THIS gu
Q: What is Mozart doing right now? A: Decomposing.
Can't call it a real relationship if you feel single.
Why couldn't the Mexican go hunting? Because he didn't habanero!
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr.Dre
If anyone has a good fishing pun... Let minnow.
Whats up? My dick.
CAPS LOCK. BECAUSE IT'S TIME TO UNLEASH THE FURY!
Help me Obi Won Bacardi, I'm sobering up.
"I know" - me, on something I don't know
What does an electrician say while meditating? Ohm... Ohm...
Where do Mathematicians sail? Indices.
Male ladybugs prefer to be called "bugs."
Settle down, Levi's commercial. You are talking about pants.
Gynaecologist aka female private investigator
Loaf me, loaf me, say that you knead me.
My childhood was pretty traumatizing... for my parents.
What did that car driver die of?
Girl, if you were a camel, I'd hump you!
It's International Holocaust Remembrance Day And Fugghedaboutit Day in Germany.
Who's a gamers favourite Asian Lo Ping
My new television is really hyperactive. It's an ADHDTV.
A school is like a barcode, It's a P.O.S.
What do you call Dubstep on a Mac? iDropIt
I just gave my cat a bath. Your move Satan.
What Did Delaware? A brand New Jersey!
Did you guys hear about the kidnapping? He woke up.
I dont make typos. I make new words.
I hate tacos Said no Juan ever
"Yo man, what's shakin'?" Nepal
My TV makes me wonder what song Samsung.
I miss the old days Nostalgia was better back then.
What are a gorilla's favorite months? Ape-ril and Bananuary
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
Q: How does a horny guy spell  relief? A: B-L-O-N-D-E.
The World of Vegetables by Artie Choak
People in Detroit call Grand Theft Auto V "Tuesday"
What's a Hitler Youth's favorite video game? Meincraft
What's the Incredible Hulk's favorite food? Smashed potatoes.
How can you make your d bigger? CAPS LOCK
What do you call a shy hamburger restaurant? MeekDonalds
Why shouldn't you make abortion jokes? It's always too soon.
Martin Luther King Day White's Sale.
A musician was arrested... He's in treble.
Pedophiles They're fucking immature assholes.
Moses had the first tablet with cloud connectivity.
What is Macaulay Culkin's favorite cheese? Provolone
What do you call an Egyptian butt? A sphinxter
What is an Italian with Alzheimer's favorite espresso drink? Affogato!
What does Batman have in his lemonade? Just ice.
What does 80 year old pussy smell like? Depends
Mayweather remains unbeaten Unlike his ex-girlfriends.
Has anybody seen my keys? theyre awesome.
Star Wars Episode 7? What's next, Star Wars Episode 8???
Two law students walk into a bar. They both failed.
"I like the way you move!" -Jealous inanimate object
What kind of money does Mario use? 8-bitcoins
I really showed that Rubik's Cube who's unemployed.
How do mountainers send messages? By ski-mail.
So, Apparently 'Human Centipede' Is Getting ANOTHER Sequel. 'Human Turducken'
Who is a bodybuilder's favourite painter? [Gainsborough](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Gainsborough) ^Pronounced ^"Gainz, ^brah"
Mathematically speaking, 9/11 was quite rational
What makes a pun, fun? Add an h.
"Are there drug dealers on Twitter?" Asking for 522 friends.
TIL that I'm dyslexic. Whoops, wrong bus.
What is a necrophiliac's safe word? I'm alive.
What's the main ingredient in a Jedi martini? Qui-Gon Gin
*Hits Rock Bottom* Dwayne Johnson: I have a boyfriend.
How do you bury a pothead? Coughin'
Are you going to Scarborough Fair? No mate, sounds shit.
What type of Martial Arts does Jesus know? Jiu Jitsu.
Google... qrt(cos(x))*cos(300x)+sqrt(abs(x))-0.7)*(4-x*x)^0.01, sqrt(6-x^2), -sqrt(6-x^2) from -4.5 to 4.5
What was Carl Sagan's favorite drink? Cosmos.
Picture a fox. Wrong. They are smaller than that.
What do you call a round knight? Sir Cumference
Maybe I'm the good kind of fat like an avocado.
TIFU by downloading different captions Whoops, wrong sub.
What do you call a dirty Jew? Alive.
What's the difference between a bull and a band?
What was 2016? The best joke I've ever heard!
How do you spell "Pringles" in Spanish? Pringles
Great weight loss tip: Become an astronaut.
How do Ghosts get Drunk? Booze.
What Australian city has the most cats? Purrth.
Why can't you feel photons? Because they are light.
Why is it called 'Your Bowels' and not 'Your Instinks'
Which dinosaur walks with a limp? a Myfeetasaur
What does MSG stand for? Mandarin Service Guaranteed.
How do you spot an attention whore on reddit? [-]
what is donald trump's favourite party game? JINGO!
What food describes most men? Jerky.
Who may become a Prime Minister? Theresa may.
What do buzzards in Kansas eat? Carrion, my wayward son.
How do you know if someone is using recursion?
Hi-Fi, Mid-Fi and Low-Fi Stereotypes
A bold move... **move**
Where do you take a sick horse? To the Horspital!
John 10:26 Holy shit I gotta get up for work!
What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit roll-up
What's a boxer's favorite part of a joke? The punchline
What do you call a striped bra? A zebra.
Why Gordon Ramsey hates WWE Because it's f*cking RAW
*angrily detangles self from wind chime*
What you called a fat Chinese man? Chunk
Where do you go to get fresh complaints? The whinery.
What do you call a constipated German? far-from-poopin
What does a perverted frog say ? Rubbit
Where do Floridians wash their clothes? In Fort Launderdale.
Manchester United
What do you call unpredictable nudity? Erratica.
How much electricity is in the ground? 1 Terrahertz
If you're afraid of elevators Take steps to avoid them.
What was Jeremy Clarkson on during Top Gear? SPEEEED!
Usian Bolt's favourite country? I-ran ;)
What's ISIS's favorite Country Band? Allahbama
I have ADHD How do I upgrade to AD4K?
About what time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Tennish
If your lawyer has a ponytail you're going to prison.
What was Hitler's favourite song? Knocking on ovens door
Have you heard about corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
What's missing from star wars 7? Maybe [SPOILER] Nobody's limbs.
What kind of boxes do gay boxes like? Male Boxes.
What does a mermaid wear to math class? An "algebra"
How many kids does a sterile German have? Nein.
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NAAAA
Three words to hurt a mans ego? "Is it in?"
What's long and hard On a black person? First grade
Sam sung a song, and PUFF! An apple materialized!
What's the best selling soft drink in Italy? Dr. Pepe
What did the hot dogs name their child? Frank
What's the most capable element? Tin, because tin can.
What's green and smells of pork? Kermit's cock
What's blue and fucks grannies Pneumonia....
What's a Yankee? It's a quickie....but you do it yourself
Two redditors walk into a bar
A good joke for the engineers out there Free time
Why is Reddit called Reddit? Because you've already read it!
Whats green and smells like bacon? Kermit's dick.
What's green, slimy and smells like pork? Kermit's finger
What do you call a blind German? A Not See
Jesus loves me ... it's so awkward.
*Goes into fabric store looking for girlfriend material*
What's the most confusing day in Harlem? Fathers Day!
Can orphans eat at a family restaurant?
Sex so good the peeping Tom made sandwiches.
What is the bounciest place in France? The dordogne.
Who represents a Ghost in court? A Paralegal.
If life gives you melons you might be dyslexic.
What tastes good? Popcorn.
What's a weeaboo's favorite religion Animism
What do you call math that gives you PTSD? Triggernometry
What kind of sharks make good carpenters? Hammerheads!
SURPRISE! -Sharts
What do you call a loaf of grumpy bread? Sourdough!
What's the easiest way to twist someone's arm? Thalidomide
I want to debate! Someone disagree with me! No.
Only redditors would get this [deleted]
Did you hear about that nightclub for birds? Was Rave'n
What's the hardest thing about a burning orphanage? My dick.
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken!
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken.
My girlfriend told me stop singing wonderwall. I said maaaaybe....
What's brown and runny Usain Bolt
Charlie Sheen #thinning
What do you call James Bond in the bathtub? Bubble-0-7
Australian Cricket Team
Without Loss of Generality Assume x = 5
What's the difference between pink and purple? Your grip.
My thesaurus is awful. Not only that, it's also awful.
You know what's a weird Irish name? Patty O'furniture.
An Irishman walks out of a bar
4k tvs? no thanks i only need one
Knock knock! Come in.
I just sent my first e-mail. Kongratulations!
Why do accountants make good lovers? They're great with figures.
What does a physics cow say? 
I'masinglesexuallyfrustratedastronaut.YouknowwhatIcouldreallygofor? aSpaceBar
What's Big? My ass.
How do you make cottage cheese? You shake a baby.
My sex life
Why does a hummingbird hum? It forgot the lyrics.
What is Chuck Liddell's favorite fruit? The Grapple...
Why was Yoda afraid of 9? Because 10 9 8
Poker? I can't even see who you're pointing at!
Political joke Donald Trump
A vasectomy can make a vas deferens in your life
Dogs are just vacuums that want to be rewarded
Why was the programmer's code incomprehensible? No comment.
What is Hitler's favorite reality show? The Amazing Race
What was Jeffrey Dahmer's favorite snack? Chopped dates.
What did the baby computer say to his father? Data!
An alcoholic walks into a bar
What is Homer Simpsons favorite bread? Sour-Doh!
Forbidden fruit creates many jams.
Why was the sand wet? Because the seaweed.
Valve hasn't won yet They're not **tri**-umphant
These attacks in Paris were really terrible 13/11 never baguette
Why did they plant trees in Harlem? Public transportation.
How do sheep sign their e-mails? Ewes sincerely.
For an Asian porn star, everyday is election day.
I was braised by wild cannibals.
"?leef uoy ekam taht did woh dnA" - reverse psychology
What do you call a gay T-Rex? A Dino-sore-ass.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Poop
Why are aspirins white? Because they work.
Why are so many ghosts alcoholics? Because they love BOOOOoooOOoOoOoooooooze!!
What does the German President wear? Leader-hosen.
What do you call an Irish J-Pop singer? Rady O'Gaga
Sex with me is like WWIII... It hasn't happened yet.
How to stop pedophilia worldwide? Kill all the children.
Why did the U.S. invade Panama? Just Cause
Why are blacks so fit? From running away from fatherhood.
knock knock Who's there? Pill. Pill who? Pill Cosby.
Which trees miss you the most? Pine trees
Santa has elves. America has China.
Black friday, ughhhh ALL FRIDAYS MATTER!
Odd numbers I can't even...
Some people are flirting with my delete & block button.
How do you make a hormone? Refuse to pay.
What Do You Call A Cow With Parkinson's Beef Jerky
What do you call a burnt nugget? nigget
A seal walks into a club... that is all.
Is fapping while high hijacking? Or is it weed whacking?
What is a dentist's favorite musical instrument? A tuba toothpaste.
As hillbillies age, they're called hillwilliams.
When a pterodactyl urinates, no one hears it. (silent P)
What does a stoner do to work out? Kush ups
Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive? She was a woman.
What kind of fun does a priest have? Nun.
RIP Boiling Water You will be mist.
What do you call an non alkaline Jewish family. Hasidic
The stock market monitors Chuck Norris.
Erectile Dysfunction Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings".
What do you call a 3 humped camel? Pregnant.
Can strawberry jam? No, but lemon curd.
I only date black girls... because I hate meeting fathers.
What are a Corporation's Favourite Letters? Capital I's
Is elliott a lawn mower? He is really gay
Why did the sun go to school? To get brighter!
What's the feminine name for the Internet Highway? e-Lane
I'm insensitive I don't get the sense of words.
I hate being bi-polar. It's AWESOME!
Today my boss fondled my genitals! Being self-employed is great.
How do you call a Jamaican mountain? High ground
"Knock knock" "Who's there?" "Syd" "Syd who?" "Dys Leiax"
Vagina jokes aren't funny... Period.
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9? Because Seven Eight Nine!
Inside jokes [deleted]
"Hit me," said the masochist. "No," said the sadist
Do steam rollers really roll  steam?
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Poop, duh.
What does a Mexican magician use? A magic Juan
What has got two legs and bleeds? Half a dog!
How do you feel when there's no coffee? Depresso.
Ever hear about the lost Vikings? Ask the Seahawks.
What's trumps favorite movie? Wall-e
A Classic Joke for all ages! Knock Knock.
Why are condoms transparent?
What are you doing tonight? Your wife.
Doctor Doctor I think I'm an electric eel That's shocking!
Q: What's Clinton's favorite baseball team? A: The Dodgers.
What do you call a stupid arachnid? A spiDUUUUUUUR
comic sans divorce papers
I bet women love the first dimension... It's allllllllllllllll length.
What do you call a woman with no legs? Disabled.
what kind of nut does Spock hate the most? pekhan
I'm a chick magnet I repel.
1-step guide for Asexual Reproduction Go fuck yourself
What happens when redditors die? RIP in box
How does NASA prepare for an organized event? They planet!
What's Tom Brady's favorite sport? Softball.
Recycler's remorse Crushing coca cola cans is soda pressing.
Damn Reddit, Aren't you tired of this bullshit?
Thanks to Twitter, rock bottom now has a waiting list.
I'm quitting drinking for good Now I drink for Evil.
What's the national bird of Pakistan? US Army Drone
What's an African's least favorite appetizer? E - Bola Soup
Wanna hear a racist joke? Donald Trump.
What do you call a gigolo donkey? Hee-Haw
What is a gay horse's favorite meal? Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay
The U.K. has no money Sorry for poor English
You have no idea how funny I am to me.
Why is PMS called PMS? "Mad Cow Disease" was taken.
Twitter, because I owe people on Facebook money.
Don't settle for shampoo! Demand real poo!
What do you call an unwanted sext? A molext.
Behind every successful student, there is a deactivated Facebook account.
My neighbor named his dog "Rolex"... He's a watch dog.
Whats a frogs favourite website?? REDDIT
What do you call drunken cunnilingus? Lick'er.
What's red and smells like green paint? Red paint
What's something a third wave feminist can't take? A joke.
Are you gonna eat that... or just take pictures?
Knock knock... "Who's there" "Ya mum"
You're 35 weeks pregnant and gonna make me do math?
[NSFW] What kind of birds do prostitutes like? Swallows.
[REQUEST] Jokes about tall people ?
What does an Ethiopian eat for breakfast? sand.
"Good artists copy. Great artists steal." \- Me
The opposite of a nightmare is a morningstallion.
Girl, you got more legs than a bucket of chicken!
What kind of meat do vegan priests eat? Nun!
Moses was computer savvy.. ..He had two tablets!
What's China's national colour? Censo-red.
Time flies like an arrow.. Fruit flies like a bananna
What does a rich guy from Israel wear? Jewelry.
What do 9/10 people enjoy? Gang rape
How do you call a cross-dressing father of two? Transparent
Is it solipsistic in here or is it just me?
Christian Singles sounds like a Kraft product.
How do elves spell? With an elfabet.
Why does Bruce Willis always play the bald guy?
I try not to beat live horses, either
Vagina jokes are not funny... Period.
"I probably shouldn't have said that out loud" -a biography
Guess who I bumped into today at the opticians? Everyone.
I'll eat when I'm dead - zombies
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training.
I am racist. fuck NASCAR.
My grandma can hold her breath for over sixteen years!
a guy walks into a bar... ...says "ouch"
what never gets old? a miscarriage.
They're not called grammar nazis anymore. They're the Alt-Write.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? ...Irrelephant.
dave chappelle as a BLACK WHITE SUPREMACIST http://www.shortform.com/chocolatethunder/weheartcomedy/dave-chappelle-black-white-supremacist
1 year ago today, the world ended. RIP everyone.
Remember, everyone seems normal until you get to know them...
What's the code name for a nitrogen molecule? Double 07.
What did Naruto say at his mentor'a funeral? Bereave it.
You know Collin Kapernik? Can't stand that guy.........
Why should you never buy Russian jeans? Chernobyl fallout
Why Chinese vet never hungry? Dog have rice.
why is 6 afraid of 7? 7 ATE 9.
Knock Knock... Who's there? To. To who? To whom*
I like cheese Just like cheese man
I dont downvote It's bad karma.
What's a mailmans favorite organ? Da Liver
What does Dick Cheney call rape? Enhanced Seduction Techniques.
I just bought a new weed whacker. It's cutting-hedge technology.
[spelling bee] Your word: Spelunking "U-N-K-I-N-G"
Owls are like scary Mr. Potato Heads that fly.
A lawyer walks into a bar... He passes.
Q: What can save a dying blonde? A: Hair transplants.
God created women and the devil taught her to smile.
Never date a Theater person... ... wayyy too much Drama...
My problem with self-deprecation... is that I suck at it.
Knock knock -Honda. -Honda who? -*Honda the wings of love*
To all future Canadian inmigrants: Mexico welcomes you!
Where did Susie go when her town got bombed? Everywhere.
German sausages, eh? They're the Wurst!
Cops think i am worth the chase...apparently.
When do Astronauts eat? Launch Time
Terrify your parents by answering your cellphone.
*takes a picture of mother nature* MOTHER NATURE: delete it
What goes on forever with no head? A loveless marriage.
Time travelers never have a good excuse for being late.
Liverpool football club
How do you see countries neighboring Russia? Ukraine your neck.
Wanna hear a good joke? You.
What do you call a routed Greek army? A Failanx
What's 11q minus 1q? You're welcome.
Why couldn't Mewtwo move? There was too much friction.
How did Hitler lose weight quickly ? Juice cleanse.
I can't stop telling people how modest I am.
Old zombies never die... they just rot away.
7am: *starts diet* 7pm: *eats the house*
I'm a big fan of wood. Mahogany. Cherry. Walnut. Morning.
What's Rick Ross's favorite nursery rhyme? Ring Around the Rooooozaaay.
Objects on twitter may appear funnier than they are.
Dear Middle Finger, Thanks for always sticking up for me.
Where did Noah keep his bees? In the ark-hives.
What is 6.9? A great thing ruined by a period.
What do you call a fat alcoholic? A heavy drinker.
I like my coffee like I like my women... Silent
What type of sea creature do Chinese fishermen catch? Crust-asian
Why do elephants drink so much? To try to forget!
Dark humor is like food... Some people don't get it.
I stopped fighting my inner demons; We're totes BFFs now.
I love people. However, most of them are fictional characters.
Google Glass is the Segway of eyes.
How do you comfort a grammar fanatic? There, they're, their...
WHY WAS THE BROOM LATE FOR WORK? BECAUSE IT OVERSWEPT.
Breaking News: Germany defeats Argentina... France surrenders.
RIP boiled water You will be mist
I like my coffee like I like my women. Irish!
How do you make a hormone? Just don't pay her
What do fish think about air? It's UN-B-REATHABLE!
Why doesn't Marty McFly drink wine? Too many Tannens.
Why are pirates so mean? They just ARRRRRRRRRRR!!!
My wife sure is picky for someone who married me.
Reddit's biggest April Fool's Day Joke Yet http://i.imgur.com/aT7QoyW.png
What's a Mexicans favorite protein? Whey
If I was a sick professor giving a lecture... Ibuprofen
You and Me = Grand Unification
What is a Christians Favorite Insect? The Praying Mantis
You're riding the crest of a slump?
How do Jewish mothers prevent wrinkles? Oil of Oy Vey.
Why did the dog eat the salad? For ruffage.
Its ironic.... ... that you lot just don't get irony.
Lifes a bitch Grab it by the pussy
FOX News is a Mecca for people who hate Mecca.
Why did the interrupting cow cross the road? MOOOOOO!!!!
The Pillsbury dough boy He is a great roll model.
Hey baby are you a basic bitch? Cause you're alkafine!
What do you call a bad riddle? Voldemort
Next month on the 13th, the date will be 13/13/13.
When life gives you melons, You might be dyslexic.
(.)(.) + $$ = ( . )( . )
How Long is a chinaman
A man walks into a bar... Looks like it hurt.
Isn't giving fellatio... ...Just a taste of what's to come?
Aww, c'mon! Let me crack your baby's knuckles.
"Knock, Knock..." "Who's there?" "I Love Mop"
Dad, my laptop's frozen. Have you tried warming it up?
Life doesn't matter. Life IS matter.
Surprise sex is the best sex. Unless you're in prison.
Have you heard about the corduroy pillow? It's making headlines!
Sold my wife on ebay. Dreading the buyer feedback.
What's Hitler's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card? Blue-Eyes White Dragon
What do you find in a rythmic bakery? A-bun-dance
"It takes 2 to tangle." - iPod ear buds.
Why are planes strong? Because they can LIFT
[kicks in your door to apologize to you]
Twitter: The addiction that talks back.
What's a Neckbeard's favourite curry? Chicken tikka m'sala
What do you call a monkey terrorist? A Baboom!
What did the greek cow say? 
I just saw an onion ring. So I answered it.
How does a mathematician get to work? He derives!
What is a rapper's favorite tea? Black boo-tea
What is a chronic masturbator's favorite dish? Meat stroganoff
Lost 200 pounds. Here's my story. British prostitutes are *expensive.*
What's the difference between America and yogurt? One has culture.
What does a mermaid stoner smoke? Seaweed.
Why do Rednecks love cheeseburgers? Because they are in bread.
Jehovah's witnesses tell the worst knock, knock jokes.
A recurring number walks into a bar'
I'm not lazy, I'm on energy saving mode.
I real reason I'm single I have a tiny penis.
No thanks, doctor's office that used to be a house.
I wrote a book It's called Oceans 2: The Seaquel
what do you call fake spaghetti? impasta.
Women with horses are rich versions of cat ladies.
Where does a river keep it's money? At the bank.
Hey guys, wanna hear a joke? Reddit servers.
Brussels: 3 year old kidnapped Slept for two hours
Not now, inspirational quotes on my cough drop wrapper.
Did you hear about the kidnapping? He woke up
I put the short word in the slightly longer word.
BBC's Sherlock got cancelled Shit, no Sherlock.
Oscar Pistorius He hasn't got a leg to stand on
Why don't cannibals eat comedians? They taste funny.
Here, take my hand. Now slap yourself with it.
Why does Helen Keller have trouble driving She's dead.
Why was the sea snail sad? Because it was abalonely
Finally loses virginity. 3 more years left in prison.
I got a joke about u/spez [removed]
What do Japanese men do when they have erections? Vote
The 5 signs of laziness 1.
Two trained soldiers were in a tank... They both drowned.
I believe in boobs at first sight.
One day I'll cure blindness. You'll see! You'll all see!
What do engineers use for birth control? Their personality.
C, Eb, and G walk into a "bar" .
Obama won? That's it I am moving.... ..to USA!
Jokes are like paper airplanes I suck at making them
What's a cow's favorite moosical note? Beef-flat!
*Morgan Freeman time travels back to 1810* Morgan Slaveman
*Godzilla screeching in pain as he accidentally steps on Legoland*
Why do mermaids wear seashells? because D shells dont fit
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1.
What do gay horses eat ? hayyyy
I started dating a psychiatrist. Now I'm afraid of commitment.
Ramadan Putting the slim in Muslim.
Tronald Dump?
What's SpongeBob's worst personality trait? He's way too self-absorbent
What is the worst part of eating vegetables? The wheelchairs.
Who sits on Cinderella's keyboard? Buttons.
What do buccaneers let off on bonfire night? Piratechnics!
Senate: Red House: Red Supreme Court: Red President: Orange
How to get out of ANY jam. Switch to jelly.
Bestiality People who take part in bestiality are fucking animals!
What's Jared from Subway's favorite chord? A flat minor
Why cant Schizophrenics be alcoholics? because they never drink alone.
Healthy midgets don't exist. Midgets are always under the weather.
Someone check the bulletin board... I think it's been shot!
I'm Anti-Choice. I think EVERY woman should have an abortion.
What's the temperature inside a tauntaun? Luke warm.
Hillary's so crooked... she needs a Kaine for support.
What do you call the female version of Donald Trump? 
My chemistry blew up Oxidants happen....
Why was the broom late? Because he overswept.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
I like my coffee like I like my coffee. Coffee.
An immature kid decides to play ding dong ditch
Mountains aren't just funny.... They're hill-areas!
One isn't a real number, Real numbers have curves.
What do you call a constipated mason? A brick-layer.
A flock of dads is called a grill.
What kind of couch do gay people buy? Homo-Sectionals
What's a prison executioners favorite beer? Shock-top
How do you say genius sarcastically? Apple genius.
With what do Mexicans use to cut pizza? Little Ceasars
Which war was the hungriest? Viet-nom.
reddit's "letterbox" is sorta like a ... wordbank.
What do you call a flat-breasted french woman? Petits
What do you call a fake noodle? an impasta.
What's long and black? The unemployment line
What's the difference between porn and music? Volume...
The Lost Bet by Henrietta Hart
Social Media For Drug Dealers It's called instagram
I know Karate... ...And like two other Japanese words.
How many goals did Germany score? A brazillian
What tea do hockey players drink? Penaltea!
Are you a beaver? Cuz dam.
Does Chewbacca use body wash or just shampoo and conditioner?
Quick Jokes http://thoughtcatalog.com/christopher-hudspeth/2013/09/50-terrible-quick-jokes-thatll-get-you-a-laugh-on-demand/
I invented a new word the other day. Plagiarism.
TIFU By posting in the wrong subreddit
Repost! You're a fucking joke.
I put the "ate" in chocolate.
Ladies, they're called "Skinny Jeans." Not "Makes You Skinny Jeans."
Beer makes you smart. It made Bud wiser.
What do you call an Eskimo peeping tom? Tukaluk
How does an Asian Cowboy say Hello? "Ni-Hao-dy"
How to cure affluenza? Introduce him to Warhammer.
Wait till the hamburglar finds out about money
What can turn a fruit into a vegetable? Aids.
Ted, The bus driver got pulled over.. He was busted.
Whats's Glenn's favourite restaurant? Popeyes
And I'll have the KKK omelet All whites.
When you get a bladder infection urine trouble.
Age is just the number of hours I'm hungover for.
What is a salad's favorite type of road? A bowl-ivard
Math is like another language 2n+2n is 4n to me
I am no Joker But I know who he is.
Sex Ed in 2015
What food makes women stop having sex? A wedding cake
If Apple made a car... Would it have Windows?
What is AdBlock?
How do you juice an orange? Play with its citorus
"They're looking for you." "Who is?" "These nuts"
Sudoku... It's a numbers game.
What is Billy Joel's favorite Bill Murray movie? Caddyshack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack.
What is a ghosts favourite job? Tax Inspectre
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance.
What language do bill boards use? Sign language.
get the butter out hillary is toast!
Ever had sex while camping? ... ITS FUCKING INTENTS
What's the most cleanest animal on the planet? A Hygiena.
April showers bring May flowers.. And Mayflowers bring smallpox.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Wa-TA
Things that kinda rhyme... Very Hungry Caterpillar Scary Money Counterfeiter
What do you call a Crazy Female Deer? A Doenut
Why did the chicken cross the road? Mayweather won
Pendanticness test Look in the comment section for your results.
Narcissism It's in your best self interest.
Hey girl are your parents retarded? Because you're special.
I'm not Racist! I have a colour TV.
What do you call a broken lizard? Ereptile dysfunction
best joke ever! The Dallas Cowboys.
What do the janitors clean the Reddit office with? Derpentine.
I just HATE people that make gay jokes... Fucking assholes...
"You've got a friend in me." - Cannibals, probably
What do you call Justin Bieber's singing? Canada Dry.
What do you call a gay orgy? A fruit salad
I was in chemistry class today.... ...Man it was Bohring
Great. My wife is on her exclamation mark.
So /r/The_Donald... That's it, what a joke.
A man walks into a bar And says "ouch"
What is an alcoholic's favorite book? Tequila Mockingbird
BUT GHOSTBUSTERS NEVER GAVE US THEIR NUMBER.
What stories are told by basketball  players? Tall stories!
My Chinese friend died last night So Yung
So a clown gets eaten by a shark...
Another gorgeous fall morning I wish I was sleeping through.
What do you call a lazy baker? A loafer...
How did Jesus pay for our sins? Pray-Pal
Why was the Scotsman buried on the hill? He died.
Does anyone want to buy grilled cheese? http://miami.craigslist.org/pbc/evs/5494716931.html
I'll act my age when I'm 69 lol
Q: How does a blonde hemophiliac treat herself? A: Acupuncture.
Capri Sun taught me how to stab with accuracy.
Reddit Gold
What's a dinosaur's favourite poetic meter? Ptero-Dactyls
What is a Jawa's favorite vegetable? Zucchini
women sure love never chilling the fuck out
Why doesn't Michael Jackson play chess? Because he's dead.
Dreamers dream. Livers detoxify.
I like my pizza like I like my pizza: pizza
Once you go black... ..you become a single mother. ^^^sorry
Alchoholic invester Is liquidating his assets
I like my coffee like my humor. I drink tea.
Ghosts wear sheets because nobody's scared of sleeping bags.
The government forcibly took over MarshallMathers.com They cited Eminem domain
How does a farmer count cows? with a cow-calculator.
Is your refrigerator running?? Because I might vote for it.
Buckwheat converted to Islam... He is now Kareem of Wheat
If I squint really hard, nope. You're still an idiot.
Why is a divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it.
I have exponential spelling but terrible malapropism
I feel like the average weatherman is just meteor-ocre.
Catching Criminals by Hans Upp
Just a quick plug for the /r/antiantijokes subreddit It's absurd
What do you call an immature carrot? A baby carrot.
Cheez-Its are hands down the BEST cheese flavored pronouns.
What do you call a mod in r/News ? [Removed]
Why are black people tall? Their knee grows.
How do you make Aquaman cool? Put him in water!
What's the worlds strongest animal? A 'buff'alo
What do you call a good fortune teller? Optimystic
When Sting retires will he change his name to Stung?
Why are bodybuilders great pallbearers? They're fantastic dead lifters
What does the ghost of Al Pacino say? Boo-ah!
Wanna hear a joke? My social life.
I just invented a new word Plagiarism
Studys show that 76.5% of statistics are made up.
Man is incomplete until he's married. Then he's finished.
what do you call a 3 humped camel? Pregnant
Why is hay so unreliable? It keeps baleing
Don't you hate it when you punch up the fuckline?
What's the opposite of a somersault? A winter pepper.
What do you find with 4 Catholics? A fifth.
What is the difference between Detroit and Cleveland? 5 years.
Two guys walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
SEX DICK: What's ur favorite planet? VAG: URANUS!!!!
I'm a man trapped outside a woman's body.
John Snow really knows the way to a guy's heart.
This joke tops everything. This joke everything.
New day, same old bullshit.
What is Bill Clinton's favorite instrument? The Whore-Monica
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? Hand eyeeeeeeeeee
There was a kidnapping at my school He woke up.
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
"Nope, it needs more vowels" - Hawaiians
Wanna hear a good abortion joke? Uhhh... Nevermind..
DAD: You're adapted. SCREENPLAY: What?!
What did the programmer call his ship? Sea++
What are cats favorite Internet Service provider? Comcat.
Wanna hear a joke? Psych
What's the most important part of a joke timing. .....
"Weight Watchers" because "Obesity Observers" was too cerebral.
I like my women like I like my Twinkies.. Cream-filled
Political correctness... Is for faggots.
Even paranoids have enemies.
What's the closest synonym to a love boat? A relation-ship.
Female hygiene jokes are not funny Period
How do you feel when there is no coffee? Depresso
Rejected Doctor Seuss book titles...GO!
An irashman walks out of a bar...
Why did Trump go to space? Because hot air rises
Titties on a hook [NSFW] click bait
What's brown, and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
Who clicks on ads? I do To report them.
I love people I can get weird with.
The trouble with political jokes is they get elected.
Mom, what is a transvestite? -Ask uncle Yvonne.
Why can't Pirates spell the alfhabet? RRRRRRRRRRRRRgh
WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIEt after the holidays.
They should put ads on slow people.
Who robbed Lochte at the Olympics? Phelps.
What is reddits least favorite dish? Kung Pao Chicken
Fajita poop, fajita poop! How dreadful are thy splashes!
What do you call a non-violent venereal disease? Ghandi-rhea
I know Muslims can't eat pork. Islam ok though?
What do you call a dinosaur having brunch? Tea-Rex
What did the physicist have for lunch? Fission chips.
What do you call a rich muslim god? Ballah
How does software eat it's food? By taking large bytes!
Jokes written by kids http://imgur.com/gallery/hyQna
Joke title Punchline
(JOKE) What does a light bulb filled with gas?
Whats Super Mario's Favorite Website? Yahoo!
STOP ANIMAL TESTING...they don't know the answers.
Why are jack-o-lanterns inbred? because they pump-kin
What is true and false at the same time? This
Wanna hear a joke? The creativity of this sub-reddit.
Hillary Clinton logs onto her email server [deleted]
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bull-dozer.
Why did the plumber kill himself? He was sewericidal.
Women on their period always ovary act. *insert pun here*
What is the opposite of an autist? A socialist.
Listen up all you calendar owners Your days are numbered
My wife made a good point yesterday.
Where does Noah keep his bees? In the Ark Hives
Using zero-ply toilet paper, aka the cardboard tube
Why don't cannibals eat ex-wives? Because they're bitter.
Why does the Mexican guy takes xanax? For hispanic attacks...
Overheard: "Why is this guy listening to our conversation?"
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Nut? The wallnut.
Did you see the clown that hides from morons?
If you think about it, malls are really just bazaar.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's got little legs.
What is the temperature inside a tauntaun? Luke warm!
What was Hitler's favorite food? steamed Franks
Damn girl are you today's date? Cause' you're a 10/10
Powdered sugar, the cocaine of popos!
A baby seal walks into a club.
i need some cat jokes!
What's Bruce Lee's favourite drink? WAAAAAATEEEEERRRR
What's a hipster's biggest problem? You probably haven't heard it.
Dad's last words "Why hello, Serious, my name's..."
What has 2 legs and bleeds profusely? Half a cat
An Irish man walks out of a bar....
Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?
yo mama's o fat she supplies 99% of  British gas.
What's grey and comes in pints? An Elephant.
I kicked my rear-view mirror addiction... I'm never looking back.
I remember last year... It's like it was yesterday.
I prefer my babies *shaken, not heard*
Why was the scalar depressed? Because he had no direction.
how do you make pickle bread? with dill dough
What's a neckbeard's favorite pie? Lemon m'ringue pie
What's long and hard and screws people? An exam.
What instrument did Bill Clinton play? That whore Monica.
What is the Dothraki horde's favourite cheese? Khaloumi.
One did one redditor say to the other? Heard it.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts.
Feline-loving fashionista's favorite music? Techno. *boots-n-cats-n-boots-n-cats-n-boots-n-cats*
I'm running a 3K to raise awareness for the Klan!
What is Romeo and Juliet's favorite fruit? Cantaloupe.
How do skeletons make a baby? They bone
Hung like Einstein smart as a horse... Thanks dad.
I have never met a farmer that isn't pro tractor
My problem is that all food is comfort food
What's another name for a ghost writer? A prose-titute.
Venison... is dear.
What do you call pasta with ketchup? Spaghetto Ba-dum tss.
"Hello Kitty" should have been a brand of condoms...
Butts Do not like lies.
What does blue paint taste like? Exactly like red paint!
Bad news about shortbread! They're not making it any longer.
Ukraine asks Russia to leave... Russia replies, "Crimea river."
You know what's odd? Every other number.
My ex's ex and my left hand are dating.
Today's a beautiful day... After all, nothing beats Mayweather.
Religion is like AIDS. Keep it to yourself.
Why did the fly fly? Because the spider spied 'er!
Do you need an Ark? I Noah guy.
What do gay people call each other on? Homophones!
What do gay people call each other on? Homophones.
What do dyslexic soldiers get after war? PDTS
I used to indecisive, now I'm not so sure.....
What kind of potato chips do dogs like best? RUFFles
FINALLY in Toronto. Winter Olympics, here I come!
Why can't Chinese emperors commit murder? Because it's irregal
What does a fat ballerina wear? A three-three
What is a great game for unvaccinated children? Marco Polio
sorry i lost my nudes can u send me yours
Cartoonist found dead in home. Details are sketchy.
A guy walked into a bar... ouch
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee grows
Yes, I absolutely want to hear about your cat's medication.
I thought I was wrong once.... but I was mistaken.
You're like a dream. Not there when I wake up.
what is Bruce/Caitlyn Jenner's latest award? Tripod of the year.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Jerkey
what do you get when you squeeze a synagogue? Jooouice!
Why can't dinosaurs clap their hands? Because they're dead.
How does the universe throw a party? They planet.
So you have better sunblock than me... Rub it in
The Longest Joke Ever! My life
What's the soft stuff between sharks' teeth? Slow swimmers
What's Mr. T's favorite band? the Foo Fighters
When life hands you alligators, make gator aid.
Friends are like ants if you burn them, they die.
Bert asked Ernie if he wants ice cream "Sure, Bert"
The World's Shortest Joke Two women were sitting quietly.
Go home North Korea, you're drunk.
Margaret Sanger.
MORMON ELECTION GAME: Every time Romney becomes president, drink.
what do you call a jamaican proctologist? POKE-MON!
What is the pirate's favourite letter? C
Let's pause this conversation until your Transition Lenses catch up.
What happens when almonds die? Diamond
What type of MMO's does the Taliban play? RPG's
How much is Hillary Clinton's life insurance? Just one bill.
Why run from kids? When you could eat them
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny.
Never heard this joke before... neither will you
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Ten-ish.
Where do pigs park their cars? A porking lot.
What is a downies favourite song? Hot potato. Hot potato.
Two aerials get married... .. the Reception was amazing.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands
Why do petri dishes make good conversationalists? They're cultured.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff
My neck, my back. My pizza and my snacks.
What has 90 balls and screws old women? Bingo!
There's an old Irish saying: "I'm Irish."
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people enjoy a gang bang
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't.
Why does snoop dog need an umbrella? Fo' drizzle....
What has two asses and can kill you? An assassin
How did the escape artist annoy r/jokes?
What's a gay guy's favorite news station? The BBC.
You know what I hate about Reddit? [Removed]
Why was Windows afraid of 7? Because 7 8 10.
What's the best name for an atheist? Godfrey
Why didn't the melons get married? They cantaloupe.
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee.
What's a shark's favorite illegal substance? Reefer
How Swift is Kanye? About as West as Taylor
Who teaches you how to fart? A tutor :)
Robin Williams died like he lived Depressed.
What's worse than seeing your dad's penis? Seeing your mum's.
I've got a "bun" (baby) in the "oven" (oven)!
I like my women like I like my coffee Silent.
Good looks are a bonus, humour is a must.
What's Trumps favourite super market? Walmart.
What kind of fun do priests have? Nun
Monday mornings shouldn't start until noon.
Let's bring back the word HOOTENANNY
I hate adjectives Because they're terrible!  \_()_/ 
How does Jackie Chan karate chop things over there? AYA!!
How does a baritone make phone calls?  Song distance!
Why the musician sold his computer... Not enough gigs.
What do you call a tight butthole? a noose
What was the precursor to USB? USA
Roses are red, Roses are blue, Roses are white, Genetics.
Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity, he got it back
Two midgets got married They found their other half
I'm not a basic Jew, I'm Hasidic.
What did the mathematician wear in the beauty contest?
Women are the root of all evil [Math agrees](http://i52.tinypic.com/2hh2all.jpg)
What do you call a happy prosecutor? Smiles Edgeworth.
What makes cheerleaders nervous? Being late
How did the depressed man get around town? Moped
What animal can only survive in temperate climates? A lukeworm.
The fabric of our lives? Why so epic, Cotton?
ME: Tall, dark, toilet-trained. YOU: Pizza.
If you were a triangle youd be acute one.
What happened to Windows 9 Windows 7 "Eight" Nine...
What's the difference between Reddit and Facebook? About a day
Nintendo or Nintendont There is no nintendtry
The Italian faucet.... When it drips it goes wopwopwopwopwopwopwopwop.
How many apples grow on trees? All of them..
What do you call a group of babies? The infantry.
Look, a reindeer. Santa, is that you? Nope. Chuck Testa.
Why was 6 afraid of 7?? Because 7 had Ebola.
The word you're trying to think of is "Patronizing".
Dr. Frankenstein: The original body-builder!
What's the most common sleeping position of a man? Around. 
Nobody who does marijuana says they "do marijuana."
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Flat out racism.
Alcohol and calculus don't mix... ...never drink and derive.
What's brown and sticky? A stick
Give me your best Chuck Norris joke. ^
Which dance moves are the most sparkling? Congas!
Why was the Energizer Bunny jailed? On charges of battery.
Why is Pharrell Williams happy? Because he "got lucky".
If rain is God's tears What is snow?
Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.
Can a ninja throw a star? Shuriken
A-What's up? B(londe)-The ceiling...
I play the keyboard in a band called The Internet!
... and on the eighth day, Satan created teenagers.
The NFL's Refs
What vehicle does Hitler use to fly ? Heil-acopter
What did the Mexican put under his carpet? Underlay! Underlay!
Breaking Ne ws
Some people are very down to earth... You know, midgets.
Paddy and Murphy walk into a bar... Hand in hand
How to begin a TIFU post This wasn't today...
"Thank you for coming." "It was mandatory." #corporateshows
Women are like snow flakes. They can't drive.
How does a viola greet a relative? Cello!
He asked what my favorite position was... I said CEO
Who decides which weeds to kill in the garden? Weedicide.
Where does spaghetti go to dance? The meatball.
How does Jack Frost get to work? By icicles
Why is it called finding nemo? been wondering for years
Where does Kylie Minogue get her kebabs? Jason's Doner-Van
Q: What is rhubarb? A: Celery with high blood pressure.
Heres a good joke: Women's Rights.
Hoarding's great. Collectively speaking.
Every fight is a food fight when you're a cannibal.
Where is Victoria working now? In the kitchen.
Is William Shatner the past version of William Shitner?
why is a divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it.
Why can't you fool an abortion? It wasn't born yesterday.
Describe yourself in three words. Lazy.
How does a WWE wrestler like his eggs? Raw
What did the racist ghost say? Wight Power!
Oh, you have dignity? Well I have nachos. I win.
How does Megatron get away with raw-dogging it? Decepticondoms.
What state makes exclusively swiss cheese? Swisconsin.
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
I'm beginning to think rappers exaggerate a Lil.
What's the difference between a snow-man and a snow-woman? Snowballs.
What goes clop, clop, bang bang bangbangbang!clop,clop,clop? An amish driveby
Sex jokes Are Not Funny Come on guys.
How many stoners does it take to, ah... unhhhh..........
Alzheimer's cop: do you know why I pulled you over?
Why was the Scandinavian atheist warm? He had Thor doubt.
What's the most privileged fish? A Great White shark.
What do you call the Japanese police force? Kawaii Five-0
When is a door NOT a door? When it's ajar.
A man walks into a bar... Then he said ouch.
What do you call a traitor with a lisp? Judith
Similes are like as holes.
What kind of hair do oceans have?  ...Wavy hair.
Tom has no legs Who's that running? Not Tom
Anal intercourse is for assholes.
Art is when u fart without F.
It's called karma, and it's pronounced "haha! Screw you!"
Want to hear a joke? Just talk out loud.
Why are there so many body shops in heaven? Abortion.
Politicians only kiss babies because it might be theirs.
I don't really know how to tell jokes
What do you call a flying turtle? A shellicopter.
What do Buddhist monks have for breakfast? 'Ommm' lettes!
Why don't lobsters like to share? Because they're "shellfish"
Why did the computer overheat? Because windows wasn't open.
What do you call a vaping vegan? A steamed vegetable
My mute grandfather always said:
If you were against pencils you would be ... Erasist
Mountains... They peaked years ago
How did I get out of Iraq? I ran
What do you call a far-ranging debate? A mass-debate.
How do magicians retire? They seem to just disappear.
I'll never reveal my secrets. Alcohol: Lol.
Atheism... is a non-prophet organization.
"How did your grammar competition go?" I losed
Throwing acid is wrong In some people's eyes...
DO NOT talk about molestation It's a touchy subject
What did Caesar say when playing battleship? A2 Brute.
Turquoise is the best colour. It's been cyantifically proven.
What do you call intercourse on a one-wheeled vehicle? Unisex.
Redneck sext message: You cant handle the tooth!
Do you guys like presents? Here I am!
whats Hitlers relationship status... He's Nazing anybody
Greek mythology is my Achilles ankle.
Bacon twice a day keeps a size 34 waist away.
What is Mister Miyagi's favorite drink? Jack Daniels-san
What is an electrician's favorite vehicle? A Voltswagen
Why was the wall in a store? Because it's wal-mart.
Which hotel chain was Nikita Khrushchev's favourite? Premier Inn.
Have you heard about the corduroy pillow? It's making Head-Lines!
A man walks into a bar I'm a titty
Safe sex is stupid. Safes can't get pregnant.
Santa is near .... ... I can sense his presents.
There's nothing like being 4 or 5 deers beep.
You know what amazes me? A maze.
French bakers hate me... ...I feel their pain.
Fruit: often disappointing. Salad: always disappointing. Fruit salad: meets expectations.
How many pretty girls are there at a monastery? Nun.
Knock knock. Come in.
Where do poor meatballs live? The spaghetto.
What's the most commonly misspelt blood group? Type-O
What are caterpillars afraid of? Doggerpillars.
How does a space class start a party? They planet!
"Old Macdonald had a farm. Had." -banks
What's a Grecian Urn? About 75 cents an hour.
My Life: Wake up, Survive, Sleep
"That was mesmerizing!" I know another big word... huge.
What do you call Nazis undergoing decomposition? Necrotizing Fascists.
What is Dracula's pornstar name? Vlad the Impaler
Where does a one legged waitress work at? IHOP
What fruit makes you confused? Papayas See, you're confused right?
Truth about atheists. They've got nothing on Jesus.
What's a ghost's favorite sexual act? A boooooooooooobjob
I'm sick of pretending. I'm ready to tend!
What do you call a Mexican Super Saiyan? Fajita
A man walks into a bar Ouch
Remember girls, you can't say happiness... without saying penis
Dial-up internet called. They couldnt get through.
What do dwarves and midgets have in common? Very little
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
My neighbor is a micro biologist. I've never seen him.
How do you Think the Unthinkable? With an Itheburg.
What's a pedophiles favorite type of oil? extra virgin
What Do You Get From A Pampered Cow? Spoiled milk.
Necrophillia The insatiable urge to crack open a cold one
Omg, I'm a huge fan! -Windmills
My jokes are like straws They suck.
What's the worst gear for America? Cruz control.
Why did Simba's dad die? Because he didn't Muv-fasta
God I hate Mayweather it was like 90 degrees yesterday
What are the cleverest bees ? Spelling bees !
I can kayak Canoe?
Why did the bicycle fall down? because it was two-tired.
What kind of bee can make milk? Boobies
How do you greet a British programmer named Cathryn? 'Allo-cate
Why do they even bother having different brands of milk?
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
Some of your timelines are my morning paper.
How do you propose to a stoner? Marriage, you wanna?
What is Trump's favorite animated movie? WALL-E
Here is a joke about sausage: Nevermind. It's the wurst.
A 72 year old benjamin button, is a pedophiles dream.
"YOL9" -cats
What do you call a singing laptop? Adele
A Clock wrote a book Critics say its about time
2 Irish queers Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael.
Oedipal Arrangements ...just like your mom used to make.
How did the alien tie his shoes? With an astroknot.
What is the capital of Greece? About 10 dollars.
Don't have phone sex! You might get hearing aids.
I'm not gay I've just got an alternative sexuality.
How does an ethiopian open a beer? With his ribs
What did the pencil say? Nevermind, it's pointless.
What's the difference between men and women? Agenda
What weapon is most feared by knights? A can opener.
Copyright In India copyright means the right to copy.
What do slutty nurses go as for Halloween?
What do you call Robin Hood's mother? Mother Hood.
Why don't ducks blow glass? To many quacks
In LGBTQ families... We need more transparency.
I'm more hampster than gangster according to autocorrect
Sorry I'm late. My dog ate my car.
"Meetings" What a Jamaican calls everything he owns.
What is the problem with high frequency? It Hertz
What did the surrealist butcher name his shop? Salvador Deli
Dear Oral-B You forget the J
What do Canadian girls hate? Aboooooooooty call.
What does a sailor use to clean his clothes? Tide
Where do hippos go to school? The Hippocampus!
How do you kill an African child? Wait 5 minutes.
What has 10 legs 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard
What's that Eminem song where he's mad?
A redditor got a girlfriend
How did Hitler achieve 99 firemaking? He burned yews.
what do you call a homosexual plaything? a gayme
A TV weatherman who keeps accidentally calling the anchorwoman mom
What disease do neckbeard mosquitos give you? M'laria.
The magician got so mad he pulled his hare out.
TIFU. She was on top.
What has ten legs and nine arms? Def Leppard
What is the opposite of a meme? youyou.
Santa is a dependent clause because
Dear 70 year old man with the ponytail: stop it.
What did Stephen Hawking Say when his computer crashed? Nothing
If you finger a bum... you're a hobosexual
What?s green and fluffy and comes from mars? A martian-mellow
Tomatoes are a rich source of lycopene (werewolf dick).
What is Jesus' favorite gun? ... a nail gun!
What was Tigger doing in the toilet? Looking for Pooh
When flying to Prague... ...all of your bags are Czeched
Ninjas are like virgins.... No one ever sees them coming
Venus and Serena are famous for being Tennis-y Williams
What's loud and sounds like "apples"? *APPLES!!!*
Taken 5: has anyone seen my doggie?
I slept with a supermodel last night Alternative facts.
What paint is most popular in modern buildings? Microsoft Paint
What's a vampire's fetish? Neckrophilia
There should be a "shame" setting on showerheads.
What's the best thing about blow job? 5 minutes' silence
What do you call an impatient skin infection? *Rash*
What insect does a neckbeard keep as a pet? M'ladybug
I'm terrible at directions Fuck me, left!
Just imagine how good prescription cheese would be.
If Prince is dead then... Is his music now "royalty-free"?
We're probably accidentally giving ghosts handjobs all the time.
Yesvember!
I gave all my batteries away free of charge.
Q: What does a horny toad say? A: Rubbit
KY jelly For when your cousin just ain't feeling it.
Dogs have non-traditional family structures... because they have four Pa's.
TIFU by... Getting needled by a dirty prick.
*navigation voice* BEAR TO THE RIGHT *gets eaten by bear*
What's the paradox of 'lingerie'? Done right, it doesn't linger.
What do you call a Russian with three testicles? Whodyouknickabollokoff
Plane crashed in graveyard Police recovered 2000 bodies.
What does a fecalpheliac ghost say? POO!
According to math, I'm broke
What's Blue and not heavy? Light Blue.
Coffee- LET'S DO THIS SHIT Weed- Don't be ridiculous
Why did Brazil lose the World Cup? Weak back.
Making the Least of Life by Minnie Mumm
Why couldn't the pig run? He pulled his hamstring!
Ironically, I hate people who say "like us on Facebook".
What idiot called it "the clap" and not "dishonorable discharge?"
The New Zealand Military
The real winner in the Mayweather Pacquiao fight.? The Bookmakers
What paper product speaks really quickly? Wrapping paper.
If anyone sees Phillip... ...tell him I have his screwdriver.
I can't control my urge to pull tube tops down.
What kind of bird can write? A penguin.
When does a hunger strike stop? When hunger strikes.
Wlkom I happyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Had scab soup today made it from scratch.
Wipes away your tears using three precise karate chops.
Every day can be Friday if you're really irresponsible.
Perfect relationships exist in thoughts, movies, and Facebook timelines.
I am drinker. Hear me pour.
What's a mathematician's favorite kind of music? Logarithms
What are apricots? Where monkeys sleep.
What's worse than a worm in your apple? The holocaust.
"I'll sleep when I'm bread." -Dough
What car does Hitler drive? [OC] A fuhrerri.
Toilets can be so full of shit sometimes.
Deer Run Too Fast
What do French athletes wear? Jaques straps
What's a karate experts favourite beverage? kar-a-TEA HA
Do old people wear boxers or briefs? Depends
Itself. Itself. Itself. Itself. Itself. Itself. -History
If you love someone, let them sleep.
Breaking news: Cheese Factory Explosion De brie everywhere.
Knock knock Who's there? Owls. Owls who? They certainly do
TIL Australians don't have sex They just mate
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs
"Hello?" "Hi it's me" "Oh hi me"
Oh, Fox News! LOL! You wacky, bigoted fucks!
Are news readers secretly insulting you? **Moron this story later.**
Have you ever heard of Ethiopian food? Neither have they.
Grandma's funeral ft. Pitbull
Plateaus... ...are the highest form of flattery.
What comes before the main violinist? ... Entree Rieu
english words that pitbull knows: -party -miami
Is your refrigerator running? If so, I'll vote for it.
I like my women how I like my tests Curved
What do Jews drive? A hard bargain
What do you call a slutty vegan A herbivwhore
Perfection "Practice makes perfect" "Nobody's perfect" I'm so confused
50% of Canada Is the letter A
Shouldn't octopus apendages be called eightacles?
When does CPR become necrophilia? When you are both stiff
Lif is too short
If Trump wins the election, Mexicans be like.. [removed]
Why are envelopes and papers white? Because blackmail is illegal.
What does the weather do when Hitler's around? It heils.
All my hostile pals are in hospitals.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin' catholic.
Whats the funniest joke you know? You.
I'm now starting to think CNN took the plane.
when I talk about computers I make my motherboard
Where do crabs take the train? King's Cross Station :)
What comes after 69? Mouthwash
The Barber of Seville by Aaron Floor
Maybe you never should have domesticated your peeves.
What's more inbred than English monarchs? Wheat.
TIFU was good, but the hole was too small.
Why was 6 afraid of 5? Because 7 8 9
Whats worse than ants in your pants? Your uncle.
What did Silver say to Gold? "Au!"
I am never going to procrastinate again... Starting next semester
Not only is my new thesaurus terrible... It's also terrible
What was Dodi Fayed's favorite state? In Diana
How does a sailor remove a condom? He farts
"Nice" - first kangaroo to realise it had a pocket
What is a Mexicans favorite sport? Cross-country
What starts with p and ends in orn Popcorn
Like most people my age... I'm 27.
What nation is the most unjust? Discrimination
When is Iran not Iran? When it's a rock.
What's grey and comes in buckets? An elephant!
What's grey and comes in buckets? An elephant.
The Joys of Horse-riding by Jim Kama
How do fish get high? Seaweed
What is green and glides down a mountain? A skiwi
What do you call a fat rat? enormouse
It's uncomfortable when the neighbor's kids look like you.
Perks of dating me: You will be the hot one
Just ran a .3K (Ice cream truck wouldn't stop)
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? Because they can't C#.
Does Hitler have a favorite number? Hitler: Nine.
I made a meme
What becomes packed between periods? School Hallways
What kind of file makes a hole bigger?? A Pedophile
Hipsters never go white water rafting It's too main stream.
What's a ghosts favourite Christmas  entertainment ? A phantomime !
Wanna hear a pickup line? ***HONK HONK HOOOOOONK HONK HOOOONNK***
My brain keeps singing songs I don't even like.
If anyone needs an ark, I Noah guy.
What's the smallest instrument in the world? An e-lectron.
Thanksgiving was like the last supper for the Indians.
What do you call an ugly Spanish chemist? Iron Oxide
Old Stupid Joke http://www.digg.com
What's Donald Trump's favorite album to listen to? The Wall
The minimum wage in Canada is 9 compliments an hour
I want a kiss cam at my funeral
What's the difference between a snowwoman and a snowman? Snowballs.
What do you call a male seamstress? A homosexual.
I Am Not A Lawyer I ANAL.
I have the best prison name Mitochondria
What is Benedict Cumberbatch going as for Halloween? Benedict Pumpkinpatch
Why can't Helen Keller drive? because she's dead
I like my women like I like my coffee.
If your conspiracy theory doesn't involve cats, don't bother me.
Why can't T-Rex's high five? Because they're all dead.
You say illegal, I say added to my bucket list.
What's /r/blackpeopletwitter's favourite charity? ox-fam
What do you call an April Fool's!
What do you call coffee for jews? Hebrew.
Knock Knock Who's there ... Fuck You
It's weird that gasoline smells good but tastes amazing
Michael Jackson's last words "Take me to the children's hospital."
Jesus loves you... ...with his whole mouth.
In dog beers I've only had 2.
How do you make a plumber cry? murder his family.
Charles Dickens' book on wine making, Grape Expectations.
Okay R/Jokes, what's your rawest most brutal joke?
REQUIRED : A content developer. Salary commensurate with contentment
*Takes kids for sushi before seeing "Finding Dory"*
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? The Dark Knight Rises.
Why would the jewish cannibal eat you? For-Skin
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Cause 7's a nigger.
Milk is probably my favorite titty by-product.
Today I gave my dead batteries away.... Free of charge!
I forgot Rhianna's ex-boyfriend's name...then it hit me.
Average people are mean .
How many people in Brazil shave? A Brazilian.
What do you call a deaf gynecologist? A lip reader.
Smartphones are pacifiers for adults.
I dislike three types of people Racists, hypocrites and mexicans
Whatever, low battery indicator. You're not the boss of
What do you do when a bird attacks you? Duck.
What's George Washington's least favorite flower? Li[e]-lacs!
How does Moses get his tea ready? Hebrews
What 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang rape
Trying not to take my dog's sighing personally.
Don't drink while driving  you will spill the beer.
What do you call a stupid skeleton?  Bonehead.
"...you can also say 'representative' at any ti--" "REPRESENTATIVE!!"
What would you call a bisexual black man? Vinegar
What is Mary and Joesph's Favorite Snack? Jeez-its
Existing is a pretty remarkable achievement.
What do you call Nicki Minaj's buttcrack? Silicone Valley
What do you call a Mexican carpet fitter? "underlay underlay"
What rhymes with Snoop? Dr Dre
What is a zombie's favorite restaurant? Subway: East flesh!
What's a cow's favorite form of entertainment? The moovies
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar followed by batman
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize Ayy
What do you get from pampering your cow? Spoiled milk.
What's the square root of 69? 8 something
Can putting ketchup on everything affect your credit score?
Who likes debates Defish
What do lawyers wear to court? Law suits.
I came. I shaw. I shanked.
What do you call a magic owl? Hoo-dini!
Today I was on Crimea St It was flooded.
What do you call a musician without a girlfriend? Homeless
What is a dentist's favorite time of the day? 2:30
What do you call an inflatable dad? Pops.
What is the strongest bird ? A crane !
HumansTM they start off corded but convert to wireless easily
Why do pigs love Halloween? There's lots of hogsgobblin.
Gay men are so mean. They're all fucking assholes.
What do you call a Chinese prostitute? Wun Dum Ho
Now picture me using proper grammar Wronger
*chasing after a rooster* give me your cool hat
we regret to inform you that you've hit rock bottom
What do piggys take when they are sick?  Pigicillin!
Speaking of lent some of you mofos owe me money
How do you bother somebody with OCD 3,7,9,11,13,17,19.....
If you're anxious and you know it...Clasp your hands.
Australians don't have sex. Australians mate.
How many men escaped the destruction of Sodom? A Lot.
Bobbing for apples is just waterboarding with fruit.
As long as McDonald's doesn't make us pay with excercise.
Exaggerations went up by a million percent last year.
Due tomorrow, do tomorrow.
What do you call a marijuana induced tragedy? Blunt Trauma
Hi I am an NSA employee Tell me anything.
Badly built roofs... Are exactly why I have truss issues
Where did Timmy go when the bombs fell? Everywhere.
TIFU Up is my horse
Where do cannibals get their vegetables from? the coma ward.
Mountain ranges aren't funny They're hill areas.
The New York Giants.
My friend entred me in a double-entendre competition That's it.
Women belong in the house... ...and the senate too
World's shortest poem titled.... Fleas Adam had `em
me: *kicks a stone* mountain: my baby
What do philosophical dolphins say? What's the porpoise?
Nice guys finish last. But thats because practice makes perfect.
what did coke call his daddy ? pop
I have a rude joke about Canadians! Sorry?
Orange Jews. It's very hacidic.
My favorite outdoor activity is going back inside.
What is the official cereal for the Rio olympics? Cheer-Rios
I haven't swam competitively since I was a sperm.
Happy Teacher's day, Wikipedia.
What do snakes use to build clocks? Metal Gears
What does Batman get in his drink? Just Ice
Hillary Clinton is elected President. JK.
Have you seen  www.blottingpaper.com? Yes I found it very absorbing.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An *imposta.*
what is a gays least favorite fruit? cantaloupe
Hey Vegas, your slogan is bullsh!t"  Prince Harry
If you're happy and you know it, share your meds
What do you call a black dinosaur? Tyroneosaurus-Rex.
The Aluminati's plan... was foiled once again.
I just had Ebola cereal.
Been watching television without eating. I feel like I'm working.
It's Thanksgiving, who doesn't like Turkey? Russia
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
Bound by notifications, we are the Fellowship of the Ding.
Did you hear about the angry pancake? He just flipped.
PSA: Don't forget to set your cocks black this weekend
i hope jessica biel names her first child 'batmo"
two bears walk into a bar no one survived.
What to you call an Eskimo peeping Tom? Tommy Tookalook
Million dollar idea: Nutella, but super healthy.
What do you call a dizzy Asian? Disoriented.
Why is the magnet on medication? Because it's bipolar
If you have 99 problems... ...you're a math textbook.
I like my beer like i like my violence... Domestic
Allergy alert: This tweet may contain peanuts.
What doesn't kill you, tries again.
That's Odd. I can't even.
What's worse than the holocaust? 6 millions jews
Can't wait to start my New Years resolution in 2018!
Want to here a word I just made up? Plagiarism.
What kind of bees make milk? BOOBIES!!!
A joke for the ages Le COCKoon
I just spent my entire tax return on guacamole.
Canada is 50% "a"
What is a Jamaican's favorite video game? Smoke-a-mon
Game Journalism ^^^^Thats ^^^^The ^^^^joke
What do you call a deaf quadriplegic? Whatever you want
Where do intergalactic keyboards go to drink? Space Bars
What Does A Nazi Turkey Say? Goebbels, Goebbels, Goebbels
Why cant clinton stand straight? Because she is Crooked.
What do you call a smart blonde? A Labrador retriever
Girls just wanna have funds.
my love is blind :(
Cauliflower is just broccoli ghosts.
What does Zeus wear under his tunic? Thunderwear!
Australians don't have sex.. ...they mate.
What do you call a tin boat? A hydrofoil.
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food... Neither have they.
Chuck Norris's body temperature is 98.6 degrees...... Celsius.
I have a lot of road rage. FUCK ROADS!!!
What do you call a bee with a toe? "Toby"
Do they make a Rosetta Stone for women's moods yet?
Need to build an ark? I Noah guy.
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
Do regular squirrels think flying squirrels are super heroes??!
What is the lifespan of an owl? 6 1/2 books.
North Korea right now.
*Puts couch down as emergency contact*
Why are crosses not in fashion? They're too God-y
What is a rednecks favorite pie during the holidays? Pump-Kin
Funny jokes for kids http://kids-funny-jokes.blogspot.com
How do blondes carpool? They meet up a work
For tentative people there's no place like "erm".
"I hate being half bicycle-half motorcycle" he moped
What's the mass of a large chunk of tree? 10g
There will only be seven planets... after I destroy Uranus
What is the most racist dinosaur??? The Tricericops
[Ouija board] GRANDMA WHERE IS YOUR COOKIE RECIPE
Knock Knock... Who's there? Anna Anna who? Another good joke.
Exaggerations... ...went up by a million percent last year.
What pdf reader do Jedis use? The Adobe-Wan Kenobi Reader
When is a rabbi dishonest? July
What is a pair of sheep's favorite instrument? Two-Baaas.
What does a 80 yr old woman taste like? Depends.
What do you call 10 Ethiopians tied together? A raft
Whats in Olivia Newton's John? Gomer's Pile
Back in my day... They called selfie sticks dildos.
Why are black people tall? Because they knee grows..
What's yellow and smells like a zebra? Lion vomit.
It is much easier to hula hoop with an erection.
Men In Black Men #AddaWordRuinaMovie
236 luftballoons* * - adjusted for inflation
What do you call a sad hat? A sombre-ero!
What's red and orange and looks good on hippies.... Fire.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar!
what's another word for "religion"? insurance scam
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend? Cause Sheeran.
Garcinia Cambogia.
Steelers defense, last night.
What kind of pants does Mario wear? *denim denim denim*
What is an astronaut's favorite meal? Launch
How do Rabbis make money? They keep the tips.
Why was the tomato blushing? It saw the salad Dressing
Here's a bit of advice. Advi
"I'm into homosexual necrophilia." ...Tom said, in dead earnest.
He who hesitates is boss.
What do you call a group of famous people? Constellation.
Whats brown and rhymes with "snoop"? Dr. Dre
Everyone should learn sign language It's very handy
Hi, welcome to Necrophiliac Club. Who wants a cold one?
Where do poor Italians live? A spaghetto.
What do you call an overweight Scott Walker? Scott Waddler
What's black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron
What do you call a constipated German? *Farfrompoopin*
What are your guys' best Cards Against Humanity answers?
Dark humor never gets old. Just like children in Africa.
A Catholic dies, and thinks he's gone to heaven .
Are your other donkeys jealous because that's one fine ass
Want a rabbit joke? Hare you go.
"People will believe anything if you whisper it."
What's r/jokes's favorite breakfast? A retoast with butter on top.
Wouldst the genuine Slim Shady kindly arise?
One venti cheeseburger please.
"Bitches ain't shit" - Saint Valentine's last words.
What concert cost 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickleback.
Satellite Radio. (Sirius Tweet)
What do Engineers use as birth control? Their Personality.
Conjunctivitis.com Now that's a site for sore eyes.
According to serving sizes tonight, I'm a family of 4.
What do you calls sushi in Serbia? Nishikori
How do Japanese people refer to American politicians? Parti-san
Wanna hear a joke? A joke
I like dating black girls because...... ...I hate meeting dads
I like my women like I like my coffee... K-Cups.
Kermit and Miss Piggy never married. He has Kermitment issues.
You look like a before picture.
Sexual intercourse: It's just wanking that's got out of hand.
50 Cent for a 2Pac of Eminems? That's Ludacris!
I have a life pro tip I never wear condoms
If you love Batman, let him go, because Batman Returns.
No, not bisexual, I said beesexual. I fuck bees.
How do you fix a broken Tuba? Tuba glue.
What's the problem with tipped cows? They can't MOOve
What was Aladdin called after he went Vegan? Saladdin.
Why do bees hum They don't know the words
what do you call 4 and 25 cents? foreign change
What's a pirate's favorite firework? M80
Why are Peter Pan's jokes not funny? Because they Neverland
The base is under assault! NaCl NH3
Those are the whitest teeth I've cum across today.
Where do sick boats go to? The dock.
I have sexdaily I mean, I have dyslexia
What do you call Nicky Minaj's ass? Silicone valley
Do you need space? Join NASA!
What's an Arab man that drives a bus An otto-man
How do you catch a digital fish Online
What is the car company, Kia's, main competitor? Nokia
You are depriving some poor village of its idiot.
How would you describe the average bully? Mean.
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B? Wasabi
Is trying to sell a useless set of feelings.
Twitter is the adult way of having imaginary friends.
a jewish man told me this... Knock knock...
67% of Canadians say that their favourite colour is flannel
what is a calculators favorite food? pi!
What do you call a bowling alley in Brooklyn? Ebo-wling
My cat is recovering from... a massive stroke.
According to my Fitbit I've masturbated 4 miles today
What does a dyslexic zombie say? Brian's ... Briiiiiiiiian's!!!
My house looks like I'm losing a game of Jumanji.
This is incredible Nothing has been reposted here all year!
please spread kale over my dumb organic gluten free casket
Alcohol and calculus don't mix. Never drink and derive
Occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
How do you say "No, I'm full" in Grandmother?
Who's the roundest knight at King Arthur's court? Circumference.
Why are Dendrochronologists Forever Alone?
What do you call jokes about eyes? Vitreous humour.
"Don't quote me on that." -anonymous
I never shower. No hobo.
Now a joke for all you psychics on reddit.
If anyone has a really good fish pun... Let minnow
What is Bruce Lee's beverage of choice? WATAAAAAR
Why can't Java programmers see well? Because of the eclipse
Why can't you keep a secret from cattle? They herd
What's better than winning the Special Olympics? Not being retarded.
Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
What is 6.9? Sex interrupted with a period!
Got the cheese sweats. Got the cheese sweats real bad.
"I'm too sexy for my mom." - Right Said Freud
Two men walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
Yo Momma is so ugly that she scares blind people!!!!
What's the name of the scared sky diver? Hugo First
Where do twin lesbians meet up? A Clone Dyke Bar.
What is Ke$ha's favorite candy? TicTac
Have you heard the joke about recursion?
Who is the 0.666 humorist here? [META]
What's Hitler's favorite video game. Meinkraft
I have emo shoes. They have tortured soles.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
What do you call a drunk dinosaur? Staggersaurus.
Why does everyone like the KKK? Cause they're the best!
Daughter: Mom, there's a man outside. Me: Get the net!
In a parallel universe calories are trying to burn people.
"Ramen". - Scooby Doo, finishing a prayer
Can a match box? No, but glass can.
Why don't women blink during foreplay? They don't have time.
A dyslectic man entered a Bra.
What do you calla nosy pepper? Jalapeno business
Whats the worst animal to play cards with? A Cheetah.
How do you say hi Hello
What do you milk you can't see? Pasteurized milk.
My cat Minton just swallowed a shuttle cock. Bad Minton.
I love Brown people... but I fucking hate Muslims.
How did Mars feel when the colonists were approaching? Terra-fied.
Bodyguard Idea: Clowns. No one will come anywhere near you.
What kind of bird is the best pornstar? A swallow.
"Grapey." -me after every wine at the wine-tasting
My favorite joke from tonight's debate "you have 2 minutes"
TIFU: I posted my FU in /r/jokes
"Room service? Send up a larger room."
[praying in church] Please God let church end early
I'm not schizophrenic, but he is (points at nothing)
Yo momma so stupid She thinks NIckleback is a refund.
Drinking alcohol before pregnancy can cause pregnancy.
Why does God like Swiss cheese? It's holey! ^^^^^get it?
What is John Lennon's favourite donut? Strawberry Filled forever!
What do you tell a slow tomato? ...what? Ketchup
How did Moses make his tea? Hebrews it
Which part of the cabbage don't you eat? The wheelchair.
What's a fish's favourite band? Stickelback!
Argentina is surprisingly cold. In fact it's bordering on Chile.
How do mussels reproduce? They shuck eachother.
*pushes vending machine over NO YOU'RE OUT OF ORDER!
The word of the day is "Legs." Spread the word!
What's Obama's Favorite TV Show? Game of Drones
Two men walk into a bar.... The third one ducks.
What do you call a black with no arms? Trustworthy.
If bullshit could float...you'd be the Admiral of the fleet! 
Babies are like farts. We only like our own.
If life hands you lemons, break out the tequila!
What car insurance do Canadians have? Triple 'eh'
Way ahead of you, "cashless society."
I'm attracted to fat chicks... ...by the force of gravity
April showers bring May flowers Mayflowers bring Small Pox.
People are making apocalypse posts likes there's no tomorrow.
The human body is 70% water and 30% land
your laughing style Hehehe hahaaha ahahaha ohahahooo ehahahee
Communist jokes are not funny... unless everyone gets them
Your so bald your bald
What kind of sex do boring people have? Banal.
Why did Richard leave his home this morning? For Harambe.
"YOLO" giggled the 53rd incarnation of Buddha
Any one remembers 'The Game' ? Now I'll fly away.
[hails Satan] [Satan pulls up in his cab]
Can't shake this headache. Perhaps the shaking isn't helping
Asian gangs, also known as study groups..
Where did ants originally come from? ant-arctica
MONDAY Y U NO FUN FUN FUN LIKE FRIDAY?
still can't say "jk" without whispering "rowling"
Which musician is the most generous? Cher
everything happens for a reason and the reason is stupid
What happened to the tyrannical fruit? He was impeached!
Ambitious workaholics in Taiwan typically have a Taipei personality.
My favourite drivers are the designated ones.
What's a Chinese dentist's favorite time? Tooth Hurty
Sometimes, I like to drink and play guitar...
A pig with a cold is called... pigachu!
Yo mama so fat She's a reddit admin
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive? She was a woman
Puberty doesn't hit us Asians Our parents do.
What do snakes take to combat their allergies? Anti-hissss-tamines!
Did you hear the one about Gilgamesh? It was epic.
Die Hard What happens when you overdose on viagra
What do you call a retarded Flo Rida? Slo Rida
What do you call an Indian with a question? Curry-osity
My dating service, "It's Just Oral" is really taking off!
who is Godzilla's least favorite relative? his MOTHRA-IN-LAW
Did you hear about the baker's son? He was in-bred.
What subject are snakes good at school ?  Hiss-tory !
What would you do if you were a ghost?
How do you catch a slutty bee? With a hornet.
How does Dracula keep fit? He plays batminton.
I can't face my checkbook so I check my Facebook.
Jokes about German people... Are the wurst!
Why was Hitler a pussy? Because he had nein lives!
How do you tell if someone is ticklish? Testicles.
whats brown and sticky? a stick!
What do you call a polygon on viagra? An Erectangle
What do you call a man in a hole? Phil.
A blonde joke
Where does Santa get presents for bad kids? Kohl's.
I aint racist! I LOVE NASCAR!
Having sex with your clone... Is it incest or masturbation?
Yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry.
Why did the motorcycle fall asleep? It was two-tired.
if it's not a failure it sucks ass
What is Donald Trump's favorite song? Wonderwall Mexican cover
What do you call an angry Reddit mod? [deleted]
Want to hear a joke? It's called my life
How do you make a coffee sad? You mocha...
Where do Chicago football fans buy engagement rings? De Beers
Why did Tigger look down the toilet? To find Pooh!
"This is the one I use for wiping" - Handshakes
Unfortunately, showing that much cleavage doesn't fix your face.
What's the #1 thing that pisses off redditors? You're grammar
What happens when you provoke an angry redhead? Ginger snaps.
What do you call a drug dealing church? Crystal Methodists
I hate all these posts They're so last year
Dad joke #31939: A guy walks into a bar. Ouch.
What plant attacks people? An Ambush ;)
A famous pornstar died yesterday. My penis was at half-mast.
The difference between oral and anal thermometers? The taste.
Everyone had that one lesbian gym teacher growing up.
I found Zoloft delays my orgasm Ey, Jack, you late.
What do you call a smarty pants? ...... A jeanius
Most of my parenting skills come from watching Animal Planet.
Chuck Norris can get Blackjack with just one card.
Great big polar bear(she says what?) It broke the ice!
What is "Mary" short for? She has no legs!
How does Disney decide who needs pants and who doesn't?
How do you kill a circus? Go for the juggler!
Stop saying "I Wish" and start saying "I Will".
How do you say "fuck" in Chinese? Buck
Where do fish deposit their money? River banks
What's Donald Trumps favorite color? Orange
The font for alphabet soup Is times new ramen.
Where do retired pigs go for warm weather? The tropigs!
Girl, do you have 67 protons? Cuz you a Ho
I love cheese! Cheese: I have a boyfriend
When I masturbate at home... I'm at homecoming.
Why does the pedophile like Halloween? Free shipping.
"Not gay enough" - superhero working on his costume
What's Ronald Reagan's favorite vegetable? James Brady
"I am going on a trip." "Mushrooms or acid?"
What's the Italian word for suppository? Innuendo
One liners are great. Two liners are better.
Chuck Norris strikes fear into zombies.
What is the interior temperature of a Tauntaun? Lukewarm
The biggest Myth is to solve problems of MATH
What's 6.9? A good thing screwed up by a period
What does it take to break a Nokia phone? Microsoft.
What do you call a 1 ton toilet? EL-ton John
How's havin' a dick? It comes in handy.
don't regret doing things, regret getting caught
Saturn Undefeated Solar system Hula Hoop champ!
What's the funniest number ever? l0l
Senior Year? More like sleep and beer.
Who farted?
What do you call hot women in France? Tourists
Cat lovers.
"You'll sleep when I'm dead" -- my phone
Why was Fibonacci afraid of 5? ...because 5 8 13!
This is your captain speaking THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN SHOUTING
Why do burgers run the gauntlet? To test their meattle!
Beauty is only a light switch away. That is all.
What do you call a real old korean? Jurassic Park
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
What do you call a lazy lizard? A procrastigator.
There's seldom a fun word that follows "early onset."
Hey Prius owners your entire car is a bumper sticker
What do racists say during sex? "Hard R! HARD R!"
What does a nosy chili pepper do? Gets jalapeno business
Baby seal walks into a club... ...
Act now to enjoy a false sense of urgency!
How do you circumcise a whale? Fore-skin divers!
What's the name of the strongest duck out there? PSYtama.
What kind of martial arts do birds practice? Wing Chun
"Let's watch TV and talk about it on the Internet."
Why do the poles shift? to find better jobs
I wish Fox News was just news about foxes.
"knock knock.", "Who's there?", "Allah", "allah who?" "ALLAHU AKBARRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!"
Went camping last weekend.. Yeah it was intents
Care free shrimp pasta is... Happy-go-lucky scampi.
[ugly sweater contest] *starts sweating* *takes home the gold*
Immigrants after Trump's election be like... [removed]
Why did they skip Windows 9? Because 7 8 9!
You can't spell grope without GOP.
What does NNNNNSSSSSAAAAA stand for? National Stutterers Association.
To err is human, to eh is Canadian.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested... ...charged with battery.
An Olympian walks into a bar and says "damn".
What do you call a midget with leprosy? A leperchaun!
What can think the unthinkable? An itheberg.
I found Alan Rickman in the grocery store yesterday... Jk
What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles!
What's worse than ants in your pants? Uncles.
No, YOU didn't tighten the cap on my urine sample
What does Jeb Bush say on the toilet? Please crap
How many Latvian to eat potato? soldier
What did Hitler name his network switch to? Auswitch
What did one ox say to another ox? A yoke.
What does Reddit need? Ahmad.
"No comment"  said no woman, ever
My wife left me for my brother My twin brother.
How big are pedophiles shoes? A footlong.
What do gay horses eat? Dick
What do you call a electric Volkswagen? A **Volts**wagon
Whats Big, Black, Hard and full of semen? A submarine
They were called Jumpolines until your Mom got on one.
Best joke in soccer right now. Mexico's national team.
I'm terrified That I might be a hypochondriac
thesaurus had the greatest vocabulary of all the dinosaurs
What do lesbians cook for dinner? Nothing; they eat out!
Never own a pet store. Stores make bad pets.
Traffic..The only jam that doesn't go on toast
It's that time of the month for robots iPads
Guys, share your most ridiculous ideas Successful women
i was going to tell a gay joke... buttfuckit
What kind of bees make milk? boo-bees
Who's a modern pirate for the 21st century? Neckbeard!
yo momma so fat her shadow engulfs all of manhattan
Chuck Norris once skewered a man with the Eiffel tower.
What's brown and runny? Usain Bolt
TIFU by trying to catch fog I mist
Where do cheeses go to the bathroom? In a Parma-John.
Chuck Norris can't fly... But he does it anyway.
Wanna see an ass-trick? Here --&gt; *
Nudist's have the right idea.. Screw laundry!
What do politicians do for fun? Rave at the party.
I'm so fresh... ...I get put in the produce section.
Here, let me loosen those morals for you.
What did the vegetarian do to get ripped? He juiced...
Donald trump wins presidency
I hate the French They give me the Crepes
Happy Mothers Day We love all you mothers.
What does Snoop Dogg eat? Beets by Dre.
What is west saharan favourite number? Data not avalible.
*looks at you in batman voice*
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
What's tall, handsome and muscular? Not you!
Whats long and hard on a nigger? First grade. 
Age gets better with wine
Want to hear a word I made up? Plagiarism
What's the greatest symbol of inequality? =
What do baby swans dance to ?  Cygnet-ure-tunes !
I invented the word "plagiarism"
I like my coffee how I like my slaves Free.
Why don't lobsters share? They're shellfish.
What happened to the cold jellyfish ?  It set !
What is a frog's favorite dance? The Lindy Hop.
Make the little things count! Teach midgets maths!
Why is hockey the bloodiest sport? It has three periods.
What does an LGBT couple do to show affection? embruce
How do ducks fly high? They use quack!
Are people in culinary school required to do dessertations?
Tom Cruise's nickname in between the sheets Cruise missile.
Sperm Donor In search of lesbian couple.
What's a dinosaurs least favorite reindeer? COMET
What is Batman's least favorite Sex Act? The Pearl Necklace.
Are you guys alright? No you are all left.
Where did Suzy go when the bombs fell? Everywhere.
Legalize drugs. Criminalize dumbasses.
Help please I don't get this?// https://www.imageshack.us/i/pmqPA0DIj
Can we all stop pretending that alcohol tastes good?
Do you know what paraplegics can't stand? *that
If a quiz is quizicle, what's a test?
Who was the roundest knight at King Arthur's table? Circumference
What do you call the North Korean dictator? Seouless
Music is best when it's louder than I can think.
Don't touch my nutella with your banana.
Does this $2500 electrician bill make my ass look broke?
What do you call a haunted accordion Polka haunt us
What do sick cannibals have for  breakfast? Vitamin bills!
What is a phobia of chainsaws called? Common sense.
Homophobia is stupid. Who the hell is afraid of homes.
Is there a God? A billion Hindus can't be wrong.
What does a programmer have during sex? An ||gasm.
How does the devil measure his drugs? In pentagrams
What do ghosts watch if they want to relax? Skelly-vision!
me: [raises hand] my date: again, that's not necessary
I like my women like I like my deer... Mounted.
What did one eyebrow say to the other? H-eyebrow
Who will win this Super Bowl's coin toss? Hillary Clinton
Why did the cup fall over? Because it was drunk.
Where do religious cattle go to eat? Out to pastor.
Want to hear a sports joke? Lance Armstrong
I'm not a pessimist. I'm a depressed realist.
I learned something new about Hordor (GOT SPOILERS) He's Canadian.
What's a dentist's favorite time? 2:30
What do you call a Moroccan candy distributor? Fez dispenser.
What's the fastest land animal on earth? An Ethiopian chicken
What's big, thick, hairy, and makes babies? Your mom.
How did Darth Vader cross the street? Ewoked.
I can't hear out of my ear... It's really EAR-itating
I'm half Muslim I'm only entitled to 36 virgins
Sundays always bring out my inner senior citizen....
Venus Williams should marry Bruno Mars and become Venus Mars.
which 2 insects are the most foolish? ant-ticks
Here's an oldie but a goodie. Your Mom.
1. Religion. 2. ? \3. Prophet.
RIP Boiled Water You will be mist.
How did Charles Darwin die? Natural causes.
A really big joke... r/jokes
What's the best day to eat bacon?  Fry-day.
Why did the black man have a heart attack? afrosclerosis
I never trust atoms They make up everything.
A time traveller walks into a bar... http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3lsgus/and_the_bartender_says_sorry_we_dont_serve_time/
"We've isolated the gene for the long, drawn-out sigh!" -Sighentists
What vegetable is the favourite of British people? Queuecumbers.
Without me it would just be aweso. Just saying.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
I like my slaves how I like my coffee. Free.
What are the symptoms of amnesia? I can't remember
What does a German snake say? 
Nuff said? No seriously, what did Nuff say?
Why do Russians love Pho so much? Because they're so...viet.
How does a skeleton call her friends? On a telebone.
For every male action, there is a female overreaction...
When's ladies' night at the Mexican restaurant? Taco Tuesday
Who is the strongest thief? A shoplifter.
Golf Joke: The Cast Away - YouTube http://thesandtrap.com/t/63042/golf-joke-the-cast-away-youtube
My friend collects scoliosis journals He has *back* issues.
LOOK AT HOW HE OUTGUNS ME http://xboxclips.com/Kolt+the+Don/f1dd03d5-32b3-4238-9134-393050b8d254
What is the pig's favorite musical instrument?  The piggalo (piccalo).
I'm sorry. I had your Sharona confused with mine.
What do you call a resounding period? A standing ovulation.
What did the redneck get on his SAT? Drool.
Why is camping so fun? It's in tents!
What's a dank memer's favorite letter? 'A' lmao
Want to hear a joke about Alzheimer's?
What do you call a group of dogs? a PAW-se
Why was 6 afraid of 7? because 7 RAPED 9!!
AudioPhiles be like .mp3, .wav, .flac
I can't stand Freud... him and his motherfucking complex.
You know what gets me down? Gravity...
When pinguins fly, you are probably drowning.
Why doesn't the KKK like Halloween? Too many spooks.
A pirate walks into a bar... Ouch.
If isis gets bombed They'll be called waswas
Where do polar bears go to deposit money? A snowbank
My dick is like an airplane MH17
Are you a cat because you're purrrrrrfect.
What do you call horse hay from Mexico Jose
I just thought of a great joke!! https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/48lziv/hey_guys_i_invented_a_new_word/
Blowjobs after marriage... Is sad joke.
This Obama guy is the worst rapper ever.
Proof that Bush did 7/11 Jet fuel cant melt ICEE's
"Grow a pear." - How to insult an apple tree
Where is Engagement, Ohio? Between Dayton and Marion.
I have daily sex... ... I mean dyslexia.
What do you call a lesbian octopus? A lickalotopuss.
What do you call an African Bukkake? Chocolate frosting
What do you call a fake noodle? ImPasta
What do you call a Mexican Jedi? Obi-Juan
You are the toothpaste to my orange juice.
What is a Spanish person without a car called? Carlos
Join the food train Chew chew!!!
What do you call an unconvincing stick insect? Unreali-stick
A cannibal eats his date he said it tasted sweet.
I had sex while camping once It was fucking intentse.
How did Mace die? Through the Windu.
The Bible is subtitled "Shit My God Says".
Scared of eating genetically modified fruit? Grow a pear.
If Amy Winehouse complained a lot... She'd be Amy Whinehouse
Do gun manuals have a "trouble shooting?" section?
What kind of jokes do filipinos make? Punny ones
My children are the reason hurricanes are named after humans.
Dear prisoners: How about liquid soap? You're welcome.
What do you call a mexican drug dealer? MariJUANa
Which university has the most muslims? SUNY
Why are Mexicans called spics? Because they spic spanish.
What do Romans use to cut pizza Little Caesars
Where did Mary go after the explosion? Everywhere
Where does a rapists train stop? Anal deva-station
What's Hitlers least favorite drink? Jewce
Why do women fake orgasms? Because they think men care.
Need a new emoticon? Why not (V)(;,,;)(V) ?
What's an artist's favorite fruit? Crayon-berries Sorry
3 K's don't a right They make a white
What's the penalty for bigamy? Two mothers-in-law.
Click here for spoilers Microorganisms Humidity Light Heat
I am gonna die with this joke http://www.thegeekbyte.com/install-wordpress-localhost/
What percentage of Scottish people are twats? 55.3%
Bruce Jenner, substantiated proof... Women are worse drivers.
What do they call brassieres in Germany? Holdzemfromfloppen
The Class of 2019
Your Momma is like Communism no class
Why does Skeleton Soup taste so poor? It lacks body
Clones are people two.
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets? Woman
What do they eat for breakfast in africa? Ebola cereal
I'm still not convinced Mitt Romney was born.
The doctor says I cut my sentences short.
What sort of shoes to ninjas wear? Sneakers.
"You home?" -scariest text you can get
Elon Musk must smell pretty good.
My girlfriend is like God. Doesn't exist...
Whats Putins favourite food? Ukrainian take away.
What do gay horses eat? Hayyyy
Don't cry, that onion didn't deserve you anyways.
What do you call a smoking hooker? A hookar.
There's no i in denial.
Ghost hunters use special cameras made specifically for taking soulfies.
I keep making Freudian sex, I mean, slips.
Why couldnt Helen Keller drive? Because she's a woman.
Ever had sex while camping? It's fucking in tents...
How do you fix a broken pizza? Use tomato paste.
The sign said: FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, but I doubt it.
What is a relationship? It's the one that always sinks....
Doormats are a gateway rug.
Dark humor is kinda like food. Not everybody gets it.
What do you call a fat Chinese person? A chunk
Don't put a question mark where God put a period. 
I have performance enhancing shrugs.
Which alligator lives in the arctic? The refridgegator.
What vegetable parties the hardest? A Turnip.
Satan has a facebook account, apparently.
What is Green, Slimy, and smells like Bacon? Kermit's finger.
Can February March? No, but April May.
I walked in the closet. I'm officially a straight man.
What car does Jesus drive? A Christler
What do black people get after death? Nigger mortis
What do you call a black hipster? An idiot.
Quoting famous dead people on the internet is stupid. ~Confucius
What do you call a girl with no legs? Disabled.
Who sculpted Mount Rushmore? George Washington Carver.
Make the little things count... Teach midgets math.
What do you call a homeless man? A Hobo Sapien.
9am: *starts diet* 2pm: *injects KFC gravy intravenously*
Ray rice's girlfriend is really hot. She's a knockout!
Everybody values honesty, until they have an ugly baby.
What do you call a shoplifter of pancakes? Crepetomaniac
Why are muscles poisonous? Because my biceps are killer.
it's party time let's dance !
Have you heard of drooling Jesus? He's offering salivation.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt
"Always remember me." - Anonymous.
Spell mousetrap with three letters. C-A-T
I reported my own accident on Waze Hence, the accident.
I'm uncomfortable with abortion. It gives me cramps.
What did 1 volcano say to another volcano? That ash.
You'll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace
Here's a tip for when you're feeling shit. Wear gloves
What does a math mermaid wear? An algeabra....
Pretty cool how Ryan Gosling's dad was Ryan Goose.
What even is Atheism? A non-prophet organization.
What's a Redditor's favorite food? Copy pasta! ^^I'm ^^so ^^sorry
I guess that is what a Brazilian wax feels like.
German sausages... are the WURST!
What does a German snake sound like? ....
Drinking causes memory loss. And then, drinking causes memory loss.
What do Asians find hard in math? Their dick.
Do ten millipedes equal one centipede?
What has 7 arms and sucks? Def leppard
What's Satan's main social media site? Pentagram
What does Donald Trump say after sex? I'm **President**
*Tries to get makeup off* Makeup: I have a boyfriend.
Perms are just rad skateparks for lice.
Knock knock? Who's there? To. To who? to *whom*.
My roommate's diary says I have boundary issues.
Keep your friend's toast, but keep your enemy's toaster.
Why did Snoop Dogg buy an umbrella? Fo drizzle
Breaking news! Cannot unsee! Mathematicians find 2-1=0!
When asked about hobbies, don't start lap dancing. #jobinterviewfail
Why didn't the gunpowder plot work? Because gunpowder is black.
yo mommas so poor the roaches pay the light  bill!
The joke about the sun Is too hot to handle
There's a thin line between word and world.
At what age do you tell a highway it's adopted???
What does a pirate drink for breakfast? Arrrrange juice.
What did the anus say to the nose? FRAAAAAAPPPBLAPPPPLAAAAAAAPBRENKKKKKKKKKK!!!
"Get over yourself." *Me teaching clones how to play leapfrog
I met my ex-wife at the gym. We didn't workout.
What kinda truck does Paulie Shore drive? A DiiieEEeESsssleeeeee
Black or white... We all have white in our blood.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? Denim denim denim..
What do 9 out of 10 people love? Gang rape
To the rooster goes the spoils.. indeed
What do you call a Greek arsonist? A 
Why does Puff Daddy have nice hair? Because Sean Combs.
Beer: The WD40 for conversations.
How do you make apple jelly? google maps.
Why was the airport depressed? It had a terminal illness.
History Teacher: what ended in 1918 ? Student: 1917
What's the crackhead's favorite song? I wanna rock!
What's a Mexican's favorite candy bar? A payday
How does a solar system have a party? They planet
What do singers get during their periods? Minstrel cramps.
In china, tried Donkey meat yesterday.... It tasted like ass.
Jupit. Jupiter. Jupitest.
I grew up for this?
How is /r/jokes like sex? I don't get it.
Aches and Pains by Arthur Ritis
Broke a light bulb today. Seven years of bad ideas?
What musical instrument do people with STDs play? The herpsichord.
Who led the Jewish people through the semi-permeable membrane? Osmoses
Bjerg is so fly That he's sren
my favourite one-liner a seal walks into a club.
Police: where were you between 5 and 6? Me: Kindergarten
Being a suicide bolder sounds like a blast
What did captain Kirk do in the head? He Shatner.
What is a Hitman's favorite Mathematical Field? *Trigger*nometry
What do you call a feminist manager. Miss. Management.
Why can't you smell Bran (spoilers) He's hodorless
Glass... tastes like blood.
How to fall downstairs...... Step 1 Step 6 Step 9,10,11,12
Why is diarrhea hereditary? It runs in your genes.
There once was an Italian chef He pastaway
I have a magic dog... It's a labracadabrador.
How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello? "Konnichihuahua"
A salesman rings the doorbell...
My life is like r/jokes It's the same thing everyday
Told a chemist a joke No reaction
Underwear... Because every present needs to be wrapped.
Writing with a dull pencil is pointless...
I just bought the best vacuum ever It sucks
What is that famous Raider saying? Next season!!! Hater nation!!!
How do you organize a party in space? You planet.
What do you call a gay philosopher? Pyfagoras
How many jews died in the holocaust? Not enough
I hate what you've done with the place.
I like my eggs ovariesy
Where does Christian Grey make photocopies? FedEx Kinky's
How do trees get online? They just log in...
Plumber: you have hard water. Me: you mean like ice?
Fight fire with water. Idiots.
Waxing. It's not a cure for lycanthropy.
Boomerangs can be quite dangerous if you've got alzheimers.
So many Jesus accounts...and not one is verified
How do Mexican dogs say "hello" when in Japan? Konnichihuahua
What's a thoughtful person's favourite dip? Hmmmus.
Failure is not an optionit comes bundled with the software.
Today I Fucked Up... the couch
jokes about unemployed people aren't funny They just don't work...
My Dad always calls me goldfish... I forget why
Do you know what my favorite Jews are? Apple.
Were there this many idiots before the Internet?
How do you add up a mountain? You summit.
You're probably naked under all those clothes. You slut.
Why was the broom late? It overswept!
What is a Nuclear Physicist's favourite meal? Fission chips.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
My girlfriend is on her period... She calls me Dracula.
According to old paintings, there's mad titties in heaven.
What is the cutest piece of clothing? Cutie
What do you call an Egyptian spine manipulator? A Cairo-practor
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.
What stops rape every time? Consent.
Relationship status: binoculars
What do eggs say when they're turnt? Omelette, fam
Making Weatherproof Clothes by Ranier Day
I designed a website for orphans. There isn't a homepage.
What is a UPS worker's favorite cloud service? Dropbox.
responsibilities and feelings should not exist
The future tense of send. Seen
Is your dad retarded? Because you're something special
Are you African? ...'cause you're a frickin' babe.
What does the educated owl say? Whom
What do you call a mountain of kittens? A meowtain
What is the opposite of Dominoes? Domi does not know....
single because i didn't forward that chain mail in 2008
A free corpse is a dead giveaway.
Permanently blinded people of Reddit, what is your favourite movie?
A list of compelling arguments regarding the existence of God.
Confusius says Whaaat?!
Why can't the T-Rex clap it's hands? Because it's extinct.
Where does the Navy rank amongst the armed forces? Submarines.
I wonder how many crimes The Muppets have kermitted.
I just pimped my car. Now it has extra whorespower.
What are a plumber's favorite shoes? Clogs
What does baby computer call his father? Data.
Want to hear a word I just made up? Plagiarism
Is it just me... Or are circles pointless
This is funny So is this
What do you call political yeti? Obamanable snowman
Who writes hit musicals on the Internet? Andrew Lloyd Webber.
According to my Nike Fitbit I masturbated 4 miles today
It's not karma, you're just an idiot.
We all missed harambe Except the bullet!
What's a programmer's favorite drug? Codeine.
The Great Spam Recycler
What is Christopher Reeves' favorite band? The Talking Heads
i have a joke, but not funny .
How do ghosts navigate the ocean? They use boo-eys.
A blind man walks into a bar "Ouch!"
Know your customer. Think like an idiot.
Wordpress is shutting down? http://www.everydayfails.com/articles/wordpress-is-shutting-down/
Did you know you can drink Lava? But only once!
Wanna hear a joke? Me too
I would walk barefoot over hot koalas for you.
Whats green and flies? Super Pickle
What did Hitler do wrong? He didn't finish.
When should funerals occur? Mourning
What has six balls and screws everybody? The lottery.
Alzheimer joke (can't remember if repost)
What do you call a Black-Asian? Hung
I think Jerry Springer should moderate the next debate.
How was my soup? Souperb.
The UK's economy. That's the joke.
What's Donald Trump's favorite drink? A white Russian.
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated? Too Mennonite.
What does the perverted frog say? Rubbit!
How do you call a male prostitute? A prostidude!
Q: What's the most popular afro-american stereotype? A: boombox
There's a gap in my knowledge of clothing retailers
What did France say to Turkey? That's not nice.
What car is it best to grow grass on? K-K-K-Kia
A Pokemon Joke What Pokemon likes to run? Lucardio!
I got a puppy for my ex. Fair trade.
I'm NOT flirting!! its called BEING NICE!
What do you call an angry pirate? P-irate
To me, drink responsibly means don't f?cking spill it
Blind man walks past a fishmongers "hello ladies!"
What is bordering stupidity? Canada and Mexico both are.
What's the most positive thing about Harlem? HIV
"Oh NOW Burger King delivers!" -Paula Deen
Him: What's your cup size? Me: Venti
What is Hitler's favorite chocolate? Fuhrerro Rocher
Why does Edward never leave Russia? He's always Snowden.
Where do lightning bolts go on dates?  -To cloud 9
Hey, parents. Stop raising children and start raising adults.
Fart when people hug you...it makes them feel strong.
How does Ebenezer Scrooge make phone calls?  Collect!
What's black hairy and writes under water? A ball-point gorilla!
What's a pirates favorite thing to knit? Scaaaaaarrves
PLOT TWIST: MARIJUANA is the drug against wars.
What do you call a gay Dinosaur? Megasaurass
Timing. Why don't Norwegians tell good jokes?
"This isn't my first rodeo" -Guy at his second rodeo
What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pump kin
What is Jackie Chan's favorite drink? Wata
I always cry at weddings (they're wasting so much rice!!)
Skinny jeans are like a cheap hotel... There's no ballroom.
Japanese boy kills his grandfather... Pfft, youth in Asia.
What is a ghost's favorite Wild West  town? Tombstone.
Who led the Jews across a semi-permeable membrane? Osmoses.
What's pink and hard? A pig with a knife.
90% of my opinions are a shrug.
What stresses fish out the most? Current events.
What do you call a gay drive-by. A Fruit Roll-Up
What is the most noble office supply? The ruler!
The real oldest yo mama joke... ...yo mama
I'm not fat. I'm just easy to see
I've waited a year to post this This
What would bears be without Bees Ears
Q: Was Jesus delicious?
What font was used on Wyatt Earp's tombstone? Sans Sheriff.
How do you convert Spanish programming into English? Yes++
DTF (Down time finally) -mom's everywhere
Waking up Is the second hardest thing in the morning.
ClickBait, don't click on it are you serious?
"Pool" in Spanish is "Piscina". They know.
- The DC Cinematic Universe
What's yellow and lives off dead beetles? Yoko Ono.
What do you call a coked-up Iron Man? Steel Man.
Why do husbands die before their wives? They want to.
Whats green and flys through the air? Super Pickle
I don't like adulting... ...just kidding.
What does the nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
Here's a joke about my browser history: [deleted]
Obama is an obamanation. That is all.
Your mother's cooking
What does a vampire take for a cold?  Coffin syrup!
How is the new Meta Gear game? Its solid.
Just another day in Portland Oregon http://i.imgur.com/JL86MY3.png
Whats the #1 crime associated with cell phones? Battery
20/__ -- Cyclops with perfect vision
I'm selling shirts for armless people called Ampu-T's.
I like talking to bartenders because they can't go anywhere.
Why do Irishmen hate Kia? Because gingers don't have Souls.
Just kick higher, dammit! This isn't Rockette science.
Yo mama so poor she can't afford to pay attention!
What is a ghost's favorite part of school? Spirit week.
What's today's date? Germany/Brazil/2016
What's Mozart doing? decomposing.
Her : You hang up first. nnMe : *click*
Knock Knock Who said you could come in?
What does a gamer say when he get married? GG.
How do 5 gay men walk? One Direction!
What's the coolest answer to a multi-choice question? B)
Where do snowmen put their webpages? On the winternet.
An SJW walks into a bar... [Removed]
How do you fix a monkey? With a Monkey Wrench!
Hating everything saves countless hours of decision making
China has a great wall..... and guess what? No Mexicans!
What's the name of that band Dave Matthews is in
What do you call a communist pirate? Lutin.
What do you call a Dothraki mathematician? A Khal culator.
Never be ashamed of yourself. That's your parents job.
What is the Dothraki font of choice? Kaleebri
Me I'm a joke
Running your mouth is not cardio.
what's the healthiest thing about eating a wheelchair? The vegetable.
What do you call Winnie The Pooh's grandmother? Poohnanni
Where did Sally go when the bomb went off? Everywhere.
What word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly? Incorrectly.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
Say "No, TWO drugs."
Say what you want about pacifists
Guess what Chicken butt
What did the redditor say to the repost? Upvote!
What do you call a crappy skin cream? DisappointmentTM
Why are people into Flat Earth Theory? Because it's edgy.
a man walks into a bar ouch
When a door closes... and incognito window opens.
What is a pedophile's favorite shoe? White Vans.
Never trust couscous. It's just fat sand.
The problem with psychotic cab drivers. They drive me crazy.
I put the p in pants.
Are you russian? No, I'm not in a hurry.
Never tip a cow more than 15%.
A schmooze.... ...what Sean Connery calls an afternoon nap
Leap years mean nothing when you have bad knees.
What would Voldemort name his pet tortoise ? Voldetort.
Where does Peter Pan like to eat out? Wendy's.
What goes "knio knio?" A backward pig.
What is Lionel Messi's favorite soft drink? Si, era Missed
Which cheese is made backwards? Edam.
What do you call a white boxer? Black and blue
Sluggish (n): What slugs speak.
Why is Biotite the hottest mineral? Excellent cleavage.
If Apple releases a car... will it have Windows?
The Chicago Cubs
What's a pedophile's favorite part about Halloween? Free delivery.
I now pronounce you slowly and phonetically.
Im not white im Jewish..
How do chemists get high? they drop acid of course
What did the tree say to autumn? Leaf me alone.
What do you call martial arts for cows? Mooey Thai.
How Long's A Chinese Penis? Yes
What's Bruce Lee's favorite hotel to stay at? The HYATT!!
Sharknado 3 jokes
What do you call memories of zombies? FLESHBACKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist? Pokemon
The Energizer Bunny was arrested. He was charged with battery.
What are Mario's overalls made of? **DENIM DENIM DENIM.**
On Thanksgiving, in Soviet Russia... Turkey shoot you!
I bet Vanna White hates the day after Labor Day?
Why can't Helen Keller Drive? She's dead.
There's no "i" in denial.
What do crocodiles serve at dinner time? Death rolls
Broken pencils... Are pointless.
My number one rule to live by is: Don't die.
What's another word for knowing that you're right? Woman
Even in the Olympics, women's basketball is un-watchable.
What format do Emo's prefer to compress files? .RAR
My money box is empty... No change there.
What's brown and rhymes with 'snoop?' Dr. Dre
I have a horse named mayo... Mayo neighs.
Does shaking the vending machine count as working out?
Bloody Mary used to be Virgin Mary.
Hey, the 1700's called, they said please invent telephones.
What do you call people who don't repost jokes? liars
If I could have any superpower, I would pick China.
Once you go black.. You become a single mother.
How can you identify a French Infantryman? Sunburned armpits.
Ha Long is many Dongs
Why was the lettuce scared of the salad? Cos.
I am used but in good condition.
What is the average temperature of a Tonton? Lukewarm
I like my tautologies like I like my tautologies.
If your drug dealer is on time, it's a cop.
So if something's not "unique" then it's just "ique," right?
What is the friendliest kind of aircraft? A Hello-copter.
People in cars cause accidents. Accidents in cars cause people.
Please make sure my tombstone reads: wish you were here.
Women are like cars... Only the broken ones stick around.
Have you ever had sex whilst camping? ...It's fuckin' in*tents*!!!
What do you call a blind trig function? Se-cant.
Poodles are just angry clouds with legs.
What's Jared Fogle's favorite weather? El nino.
Knock knock... Who's there? Poo. Poo who? POOYOUMOTHAFUCKKKKKKAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!! /r/unexpectedthuglife
People on Facebook "Like" everything but grammar.
How does a butcher introduce his wife? Meat patty!
A dyslexic man walks into a bra
I am a dyslexic AMA fighter, MMA
What do you call a gender confused toddler? A Transves-tyke.
What kind of stretches does a pencil do? Ticondeyoga
What did the dyslexic person worship? Santa.
Why did the Bear dissolve in water? He was polar
I just had my first prostate examination Worst dentist ever.
I love Americans. You guys have the best serial killers.
What is Viagra for lesbians called? Batteries
What was hitler's favorite topic in math? Aljewbra
I'm running away to join the internet.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WATAHH!
Girl, yo grammatical atrocities so huge, you need typosuction.
What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits.
What does FCPA stand for? Finally Caught Pinching the Assets
What's brightly coloured and looks good on raver kids? Fire.
What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits!
What do you call a battle of wordplay? Pun-fu fighting
Which director is Hollywood's darling? Michael Bae
Measurements in China. How long is a China man?
What's worse than a cardboard box? Paper titties
What does Green Day say before bed? Green night
An jihidist walks into a club ...on a Tuesday...
If vegetarians eat vegetables What do humanitarians eat
Some of these Giraffe profile pictures are a vast improvement.
What's Scoobys birthstone? Ruuuubbbby?
How do trees access the internet? They log on
Yay it's payday! *pays bills That was short lived.
Which rabbits were famous bank robbers?  Bunny and Clyde.
Review of Black Holes: Zero Stars
With great power comes Greater difficulty in factorizing the polynomial.
Monogamy First, do no harem.
"It's now or nev" ME: Never. I choose never.
How many Jews died in the holocaust? Not enough.
Who called them fake potatoes and not imitaters.
Why do cows wear bells? ...because their horns don't work.
Atheism is non-prophet organization.
What do you call a jewish bodybuilder? Muscletov.
Pedophiles lobby for slower speed limits at school zones
Come on down! You're the next contestant on STFU!
What do you call weed from Israel? MaraJEWjuana
What do you call a slav tree? A Dimitree.
Men, if you have met your dream girl, materialize her.
*points at houseplant* no, YOU have a drinking problem!!
Whoops, wrong sub
How does every racist joke start? /OP looks around/
How do you deal with radical Islamists? You square them.
What's the opposite of assault? a pepper.
What do you call empathetic bovine? understand bull
If Eminem were a feminist... ...he would be called Feminem.
If you were an Apple product You'd be an iSore.
Circles are so pointless.
So /r/news and /r/The_Donald walk into a bar... [removed]
I'm a lonely Status. I wish more people liked me.
Music is like people, the black notes are the fastest
Name a bird which doesn't lay eggs? any male bird
*too embarrassed to buy condoms**buys 3D printer**makes gun**robs condom factory*
HELLO, FIRST TIME CALLER, LONG TIME LISTENER, OCCASIONAL MURDERER.
What are Cephalopod Ghosts made of? Octoplasm.
How was your thanksgiving? &gt;&gt; Very stuffing.
My dick may be short... ...but it sure is skinny.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
Top 3 Wiki sites: 1. Wikipedia 2. Wikileaks 3. WikiwikiwikiSlimShady
Gays in church
What's a suicidal Russian's favorite drink? Cyka bleach
Do you have any raisins? What about a date?
What's long, Jewish, and rough with your ass? Passover
Virginity is not dignity, but lack of opportunity.
Dark jokes are like food... Only some people get it.
*Takes drive down memory lane *Gets a DUI
What was Whitney Houston's biggest hit? Her last one
Incest: The Boardgame Fun for the whole family!
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leopard!
You know what I call drowsy driving? Multitasking.
If April showers bring Mayflowers, what do Mayflowers bring? Pilgrims
Why don't crabs give to charities? They are shellfish.
Sorry I broke up with you via interpretive dance.
Hiding from people at parties is my cardio.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotapus
What do you want on your tombstone? pepperoni and cheese....
Who would rule in a dog world ? The pawlice.
Want to hear a joke? Windows vista
What are Islamic extremists favourite drink? Smirnoff Isis
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
I could die But I'm afraid of the reapercussions
What did the Korean family call their dog? Stu
What's the difference between a snow-man and a snow-woman Snowballs
Black guys like thick thighs Cuz they hate apart thighs.
For Sale: 2-in-1 Menthol Shampoo Great hairwash. Mint condition.
How is Halloween celebrated in Kentucky? pumpkin
Who is Reddits favrite musician? Mack-Le-More!!!!!!
*Draws happy eyebrows on my dog*
Typical mexico...
When is a dog most impolite? When he points.
"Hey, boo" - a casual ghost
Want to hear a joke? Youtube's Copyright System
What happens when a dick meets a hardass? Well... Fuck.
Releases 420 cows on the field Graze it. Jk bye
Whats a cab drivers favorite song? Livin' on a fare!
Why do jews have big noses? Because air is free.
Your mom is like this joke old and overused
College was the most expensive nap I ever took.
What is brown and rhymes with snoop? Poop.
I made up a word today! Plagiarism.
Why does Middle Eastern civilization have no major accomplishments? .
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dre
Whatever Mom, IF THAT'S EVEN YOUR REAL NAME!!!
I am not that kind of woman...I"m much worse.
What do you call a Jamaican with diahorrea? *Cool Runnings*
On the way to school... tl;dr
What's the only living organ in a corpse? This dick.
The best joke about clickbait ever
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Strange that the Bible has no bibliography.
You know what really gets my goat? The Chupacabra
If one quits quitting... Are they still a quitter?
Why do psychics ask questions?
What dog rides a horse named Macaroni? Yankee poodle!
So far, too much day and too little hump.
Those glasses really do make you look more dignified. Respectacles
Which gun does Superman use? SCAR-L
What's the Vatican City's favorite snack? popecorn
*feels the music* Music: "ew. no."
What's the name of the Iraqi basketball team? Alley-oop Akbar
How did the homeless handicap child die? Alone
What do Muslim children color with? A Quran
Do robots have sisters ? No just transistors !
Why Did John Lennon Get shot? Yoko Ducked
19 and 20 got in a fight. 21.
What do you call a Hawaiian homosexual? A tropical fruit.
What do you call a redneck orgy? A family reunion.
*reads your mind* *decides to wait for the movie*
Michael Bay looks like if cocaine was a person.
How do you spot a joke without a punchline?
What does a gay horse eat for dinner? Haaaayyyyyyy
I walked into a bar once... and it fuckin hurt.
As a guy in the porn industry... I work hard.
we're going to have a president named jeb. president jeb.
A high-dea supported by evidence... Is called a High-pot-thesis
Why did the zombie get a gym membership? Gaaaainsss
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
Sharks are just dolphins who went to the military.
What's the one thing a mechanic can't fix? Stupid
What do you call an overweight psychic? A four-chin teller.
"Everyday I'm shoveling" - Canadians Theme Song.
The basics of male masturbation Are easy to grasp.
Outsize Clothes-buying by Ellie Fant
Never laughed so hard before watch:D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVYS0bbB70s&amp;list=UUL8eY2HmvEDEFvKE3SCL9vw
What do you call two identical boobs? Identitties.
What do you call the hair of a centaur? Humane.
The Three Rs of Reddit Repost, reuse,recycle.
What do you call fapping to dubstep? Wubbing one out.
How about putting that screaming kid on vibrate
What do you call a black persons toe? Ghetto
[Meta] A word on 9/11 jokes.
Whats Orange and bad for your teeth? ... a brick
So Scooby Doo mixes Ruthenium Hydrogen together with alcohol.. RuH-ROH.
What do you call an Egyptian bone-setter? Cairo-practor.
I like my coffee how I like my slaves... Free.
I already have a date for Valentine's Day February 14th
Pizza. It's what separates us from the animals.
Why do blurry people always ask me if I'm drunk?
Who makes the most money from Father's Day? My psychologist.
Why was Lindsay Lohan feeling sleepy? He was buying drinks.
What kind of blood does a born loser have? Typo
I've been busy. What are we unnecessarily outraged about now?
Why couldn't Jesus waterski? Because he never existed.
Strings are usually pretty straight Unless they're knot
Neighbor A combination of horse and pig
A man walks into a bar... "ouch"
why didn't the rabbit like his beer? not enough hops
My favorite new social app is turning off my phone.
How do you make a hormone? You don't pay her.
I'm single because I'm pretty good at recognizing crazy.
A sadist doctor keeps his stethoscope in a fridge
What the opposite of progress? Congress
What kind of undergarments do mermaids wear? An algebra
"Hey Evolution, what the fuck?" - Platypus
Yo mama so skinny she turned sideways and  dissapeared.
Minesweeper What Hitler called his cleaning lady.
What is Dracula's favorite pudding?  Leeches and scream.
I find whiteboards to be absolutely fascinating. They're remarkable.
What's Hitler's favorite species of shark? The Great White.
I hate going to liquor stores. Everyone wines about everything.
Yo Mama's so fat she sank the Titanic!
What do you call a Dothraki mathematician? Khal-culator.
What do you call a vibrating cat? An ocellate.
Movie Idea: Lohan. Bynes. Statham. DEATH RACE 2
What's a specimen? A Spanish astronaut
What kind of organisation is Atheism? A non-prophet organisation.
What kind of bees produce milk? booBEES. I'm so sorry..
What's a sailor's favorite kind of knot? It's a tie.
The new Linkin Park album
This mop seemed a lot more exciting on the infomercial.
What is a Trump supporters favourite exercise? White power walking!
How do you call an unfanny comedian? A youtuber.
What do you call a black Roy Rogers. Leroy Rogers.
Knock Knock. who's there? Netanya Netanya who? Yep... thanks Obama.
How do you kill a book? You break its spine.
Why are mountain jokes the best? Because they're HILLarious
Why is outer space so clean? It's a vacuum!
Where did Sadam Hussein keep his CD collection? In Iraq.
Whenever you find four Priests... you'll find a Fifth.
What do you call a scary frog A creepy leapy
What soup weighs the most? Wanton soup. I'll leave now.
What is a Dolphins favorite ingredient? All porpoise flour.
What is programmers' favorite wine? [yellow tail]
It's gonna be ok.
Directions to take a 1000 mile journey Step 1
I read the Constitution... ...but only for the articles.
I only wanted one Duran.
I farted in my wallet now i have gas money.
School buses are the clock blockers of my morning commute.
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee grows...
How to keep idiot waiting? I'll tell tomorrow.
Want to know how to annoy someone who has OCD?
I'm not slurring, I'm speaking in cursive.
Why don't blind people like skydiving? Scares their dogs.
What did the O say to the 8? Nice belt.
"Anybody here named Jeff?" Jeff: "Yes" Geoff: "Yeos"
It takes 10,000 bumper stickers to create just one vegan.
What is Bill Cosby's favorite cocktail? A Cosbypolitan
Po.st Blog JOBS
Shoulder blades sound way more awesome than they are.
Does anyone see this? Test post please respond
What is the blackest of magics? Negromancy.
What kind of rice puts you to sleep? Ray Rice
www.google.corn
Who is the most powerful ghoul? Judge Dread.
Angry mimes give each other the talking treatment.
Isis isn't cool... It's radical!
What happens when Donald Trump takes Viagra? He grows taller.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? 7 Pirates are illiterate.
How much do deer nuts cost? Under a buck
What came before the Big Bang? The Big Foreplay.
What did the Sadist do to the Masochist? Nothing.
I have a bomb. EDIT: This blew up.
What do you call a selfless pastrami? Pastramyou
On medication is the BEST time to operate heavy machinery
The Clock is Ticking... 9:09 9:10 George Bush 9:12 9:13
Why did the Christmas tree get thrown in prison? Treeson.
What was Helen Keller's favourite colour? Corduroy.
So, Lieutenant Dan walks into a bar...
A patella throws a party Because he's fun-knee
Have you seen Human Centipede 3? Its the same shit.
What did the leper tell the prostitute? [Keep the tip!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0PIdWdw15U)
Breaking: Fox News reports Obama is no longer a suspect.
How do you make pickel bread? With dill dough
Why doesn't America knock? Because freedom rings
/r/Jokes won the International Green Awards! 96% recycled content.
Passover jokes? In case conversation at our seder lags.
What the definition of a will? It's a dead giveaway.
What is an astronaut's favorite meal? *Launch*
Having anal sex in the splits... A hole body stretch.
Who hasn't had Somalian food? Somalian children
Trunk dweeting. BRB
Serving weak coffee should be a criminal offense.
Anal sex... ...it's fucking shit!
Relationship Status: changing locks
what sex position produces the ugliest babies? Ask your parents
Plot twist: The Rock isn't Kid Rock's real dad.
Patriots new theme song [could it be anything else?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uuzmub5PXNQ)
What is an angel's favorite font? Sans Seraph
What do you call a camel with no humps??? Humphrey
The opposite of SpongeBob SquarePants is TowelWeave CircleShorts
What do you call a very funny mountain? Hill-arious!!
How do bees go to school? They take the buzz
Why do people make offensive jokes about inbreeding? It's retarded.
[throws wine bottle into vineyard] "Go, be with your family."
What kind of back problem did the terrorist have? Scoli-isis
What has 7 letters and makes only Redditers mad? [deleted]
Why did the bee get married? He found his honey!
People in California be like Tree down walkway closed!
Still in love with various hypothetical women.
What does the average cat say? Mu
Hello tumblr, I'm moon landing fictionkin
Just finished typing this tweet.
that show "Intervention" should just be called "Haters"
If it ain't broke, I haven't borrowed it yet.
How do a neckbeard's cells divide? by m'tosis
Always trust people who like big butts.... They cannot lie.
Knock-Knock Who's there? Meg White's most intricate beat.
How does Dracula eat his food? In *bite* size pieces
How do you piss off Reddit? [deleted]
What was Hitler's greatest accomplishment? He killed Hitler
What game is in Schrodinger's Xbox? Dead or Alive
I from korea Hi
Lethal tasers can be a real buzzkill.
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess? Because he is dead.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung
Her cooking is so bad, it would make medicine sick!
What's Darth Vader's Favorite Mineral? co-pper
Zelda is a web browser Because Link appears in it.
Menstruation jokes are never funny... Period.
What winks and fucks like a tiger? *winks*
Ingredients for an apocalypse salad Edive, thyme
Psychic porn stars always see it coming.
Another International Ninja Day went completely unnoticed.
What kinda meat does a priest eat on Friday? nun
So an Irishman.... Walks out of a bar....
Who sung? Sam. Samsung
If you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen.
White girl frustrated in the 1700's: "I shan't even"
I only like two kinds of pie Hot and cold
What kind of medicine do bears take? Bayer Asprin
"HOW" - dyslexic owl
I tried to catch fog yesterday... Mist.
What was Mozart's first movement? His bowels.
When in Canada, what is Bruce Lee's favorite vegetable? Carrot-eh
What did the mathematician and the dentist talk about? Calculus
What's the scariest thing in geometry? A vicious circle.
I'm not as tweet as you drunk I am think.
What do you call a Muslim pilot? A hijacker
Less than 3% of the world's mantis population are atheists.
Best Relationship Advice: Make sure you're the crazy one.
What do you call a lonely orator? A master debater.
What's the first rule of bug ownership? Watch your step!
Dwarfs and midgets have very little in common
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality
What is love? [This is love](http://i.imgur.com/U3roe7r.png)
Why don't hydrocarbons make good criminals? They're always getting com-busted.
"Our toes look nothing like that!" - Camels
What's black and white and red all over? Charlotte, NC
What are filipinos horror stories? Crispy Pata
"Traaains" - traveling zombies
Jimmy cracked cocaine, and suddenly everyone cared.
So a bunch of women were playing basketball
Me: I'm happy right now. Life: Lol one sec
I've never been carded at a Forever 21.
*gives your eulogy after inhaling helium*
Can we PLEASE... stop beating a dead gorilla.
An Irishman walks out of a bar.
Where is Dracula's American office? The Vampire State Building.
Would headphones get tangled in space? no, they would knot
There's a cure for kleptomania! They make a pilfer that.
Did you hear about the redditor who had a girlfriend?
my next job http://imgur.com/r3DFIHQ
What's a 6.9? A great thing ruined by a period.
TIFU by posting in the wrong sub
Five out of four people Have a problem with fractions
Do you want to hear a racist joke? Donald Trump
How do you think the unthinkable? With an ithberg.
Jokerino Why did the tire pop? Because it retired.
My love comes with more terms and conditions than iTunes.
What's the difference between the charismatics and the nacists? 45
What makes food go bad? [bacteria](/spoiler)
Want to hear the one about potassium? K.
What's Captain Picard's favorite game system? N-Gage
sorry I called your baby an "it"
I just invented a new word: Plagiarism.
What do you call the Italian slums? The spaghettos.
What are a NEET's favorite type of shoes? REEEEEEEEEEEEBOKS
This week's weather forecast: Sweaty underboobs.
What do you call a smart plumber? A wisecrack.
What are the people from the country Lesbia called? Lesbians
Ramadan Putting the slim back into Muslim
I bet hipster zombies just act like regular people.
I was gonna make a sodium joke But Na.
The patriots must be feeling pretty deflated right about now.
Why did Snoop Dogg bring an umbrella? Fo Drizzle.
Turtle + Porcupine = Slowpoke
What did fettuccine say to rigatoni? Que pasta?
"Hey Al, I heard you're constipated." "No shit."
what's red and invisible? no tomatoes.
Phones are fake They're phony.
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
 Taken  Single  Depends on how drunk I am.
The orphan sat there, apparently. Get it? A-parently.
i wish you could click "save as" on puppies
Seals are just dog mermaids.
What's an actuary? An accountant without the sense of humour.
Non-consensual sex burns more calories than consensual sex.
Why do Pillows work? Cause they're white
Why did Kelly Clarkson cross the road? Because of you.
Gay jokes arn't funny Come on guys.
I can't wait for the season finale of... ...America.
What is Bruce Jenner's nephew's favorite movie? Aunt Man
What's Hodor's favorite cereal? Raisin Bran
Two nuns walk into a bar. The third nun ducks.
I hate feeling bad about feeling good about feeling bad.
Brunos are from Mars, Freddies are from Mercury.
How do bank robbers send messages? By flee mail!
What do you call a Mexican Aunt? A tor-tia.
Where do bourgeois monarchists get their coffee? Tsarbucks
What's the heaviest soup in Asia? Wonton soup!
Whats white on top and black on the bottom? Society.
[commercial] "I'm tired of fruits that taste good." Narrator: GRAPEFRUIT
How much power does a hearse have? 1 corpsepower
Dyslexic man So a dyslexic man walks into a bra.
TIFU by buying a PT Cruiser
A nice buttocks. A *great* butt listens.
How do farmers party? They turnip the beets.
How do farmers party? They turnip the beets!
How do blind people know when they're done wiping?
Everyone's a genius until faced with an alien coffee maker
Where do astronauts leave their spacecraft? At parking meteors.
i guess. 7..8...9? (horrible windows joke i'm sorry)
What caused Captain Morgan's shipwreck? He was on the rocks.
When is my wife's favorite day to make love? Tomorrow
Why doesn't India celebrate halloween? No Gandhi
Why cant Helen Keller drive a car? ..Because she's dead.
What was sonic's diet advice to mario? Gotta go fast
Private browsing is for pussys... ... and tits
I'll keep my women like Flo Jo... ....dead
What do you do when your dishwasher breaks? Remarry
Why are monkeys such great friends? Because they're prime mates!
I've got a dick like a baby 8lbs 3oz
Where did Julius Caesar keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What tribe is your bicep from?
My review of the sun One star
What is a sheep with no legs? A Cloud.
How do you make an egg roll? You push it
"Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once."
Why can't Helen Keller drive a car? Because she's Dead.
Guy Fieri sisters name is Girl Fieri
Put the punchline in another post. http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2l881i/how_do_you_keep_an_idiot_in_suspense/
You should go clone yourself... so you can FUCK yourself!!!!!!!!!
I am a Art major Leave me a loan
What Do You Call An Arab Dinosaur? Dino-mite.
How does Moses make beer? Hebrews!
What kind of ring is the least exciting? A BOring
What type of math is dead? Aerith-matic..
I'm thinking of maybe giving up on my Olympic dream.
Why can't clocks keep secrets? Because, time will always tell.
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexic's Association
My favorite Caesar quote. "Pizza! Pizza!"
Let's talk about pre-mature ejaculation real quick. Ok, all done.
what did Putin say to Ukraine? Crimea river.
What's Forrest Gump's password to reddit? 1jennay1
What did the Australian say to the hawk? Good eye!
What do call a prehistoric hooker? Vaginasaurass
2 secrets to success 1) Never tell everything you know
Rehab addicts go to rehab rehab.
An Irishman walks out of a bar... It could happen.
Always remember your ABC's Anybody But Clinton!
What's Jon Snow's favorite children's book? Where The Wildlings Are
Statistically... 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
A woman was doing a great job driving...
How do you impress a girl? By growing up.
Toddlers always feel like the floor of a movie theater.
I'll never forget my grandfather's dying words... "AAAAHHHH!"
What do vegetarians masturbate to? Quornography.
A woman drives into a bar.
Need an ark? i Noah guy
What do gay carpenters say... I'd tap that!
Used parachute for sale. Only used once, never been opened.
Which US state is friendliest toward the Japanese? Ohio
What do you call a Hillary supporter? A journalist.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
What cat purrs more than any other ? Purrsians !
Q: What do blonde's have against  condoms? A: Their cheeks.
What do you call a very cold vodka? Absolut Zero
What would bears be without bees? Ears!
MY PARENTS NEVER BUY ME ANYTHING -Sent from iphone 6
What do Trump voters use as bookmarks? Lit matches.
What has 10 letters and starts with gas? An automobile
What does an American call a Canadian Dollar? A quarter.
Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
What does a gay orgy sound like? A cockophony.
too poor for whole foods too ugly for walmart
Alton towers changed its name! To leg - go land
What is an astronomer's favorite drink? *Star*bucks. [Sorry.](https://sarahk18.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/happy-ba-dum-tss-l.jpg)
How did ISIS become so powerful? They got a head
Here's a joke. Women's rights
What's better than cheese? A cheese grater
Tower: Cannot read you say again! Pilot: Again!
How do Rednecks celebrate Halloween? Pump kin!
Why is hitler vegetarian Because he burnt all his meat!
Why should optometrists never tell jokes? Because they're too cornea.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Boomerangs are Australia's largest Export. And Import.
What's the most popular type of car in Turkey? Coupe
Someone fucked up I got Gary Glitter in the mail.
Who is Patrick Swayze's favorite author? Wodehouse!
My mother retired and moved into a CVS.
What's a communist's favourite beverage? Leninade
What do you call a tall black person? A negro.
If Russia attacked Turkey from the rear... Would Greece help?
Where does Batman go to get a haircut? Batman-do
"We are the 1%!" - People on MySpace
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain.
Don't read part A backwards Its A trap
Why are X-wings so grubby? Rebel scum.
What's brown and sticky? The remains of an overused punchline
Bought a Muslim sex doll today It blows itself up.
What did the five fingers say to the phallus? "FAP!!!"
My inferiority complex has a pool and tennis courts.
What do you get hanging from apple trees? Sore arms
So, I was looking around for some vacuum...
Shit happens ......every morning
What brand of car would the Roadrunner be? Jeep Jeep
why do they even call them tampons?... tamp-ins, ladies. c'mon.
I hate the term "Hipster" It's too mainstream
What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll.
What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll!
[Request] Some computer jokes.
On Reddit, nothing is more suspenseful for me than... [Deleted]
Maybe the Mayans were talking about hockey
What's worse then ants in your pants? Uncles.
Why do fencers love Reddit? Because of all the *ripostes*
Overactive Bladder Hotline. Can you hold please?
Have you seen www.stickytape.com? Yes I can't tear myself away.
What's good on pizza, but not on dick? Cheese
What did the farmer tell the hoe? Let's get dirty.
What would you call a 90 year old hooker? Ho-spice
What do you call a racist police dog? A KKK-9
How do you draw an Overwatch character? You Tracer.
What goes oo oo oo. A cow with no lips.
These microwaved pot stickers taste like fixed income.
What did the passive-aggressive raven say? "Nevermind, Nevermind"
Where do fish wash ? In a river basin !
Are you an exception? I bet I can catch you.
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new piano? Neither has he.
2016's been bad! But today is definitely the darkest!
What's the good word? Legs. Spread the word.
If men had periods our commercials would be awesome...
What do you call a cold Jewish person? Iceberg.
What do programmers hate more than fat women? Fat fingers
Hey, I'll sleep when I'm dead. Also tonight.
Who is Joseph Kony's favorite rapper? Soulja Boy
Waiter: Is Pepsi ok? Pepsi: I'm fine.
Birds wouldn't be so smug in zero gravity, I bet
Why are some chillies nosy? They're jalapeno business
I'm rich; what am I supposed to do, hide it?
What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise? Lmayo!
Your dick.
Why do bicycles fall over? Because they are two tired.
What was Nero's favorite kind of sandwich? A Plebeian J
What does an octopus take on a camping  trip? Tentacles!
"DAAAAAAAD!! LOKI KEEPS STEALING MY THUNDER!!" -adolescent Thor
What do you call your last girlfriend's vagina? Xbox
What's cheaper than a wall? Landmines.
What do you call a young plastic covered sheep? Laminated
What's the rudest type of Elf? The GofuckyoursELF 
"You are what you eat", said the cannibal.
Where did little annie go after the explosion? Everywhere!!
I dated this Muslim girl once... She was the bomb!
How do angels greet each other?  They say Halo.
What is the first name of Mr Rafone? Mike.
Call me old fashioned, but I'm dying of smallpox.
What do you call Winnie the Pooh's Grandmother? Poonanny
What is Mexico's national sport? Cross country
I sleep naked because I want burglars to feel weird.
What's a seal's favorite drink? Canadian Club on the rocks.
How do you make a witch scratch? Remove the w
A real "nonstop flight" would be terrifying.
What is a terrorist's favorite wine? White Infidel.
I don't dance. Unless it's for money.
I like my coffee how I like my women... Quiet.
How do you make God laugh? Tell him your plans.
A baby seal... ... walks into a club.
Why can not Stevie Wonder read? Because he's black.
What's a mathematician's favorite drug? dx/dc
You can't trust Atoms .. They make up everything
What's Mexican's Favourite Horror Movie Ju-Juan I'll see myself out.
In Canada, she's Kilometery Cyrus.
"Nailed it." -inventor of crucifixion
Yo mama is so fat, She's a Reddit admin.
What is not a truck crashing into people? Nice.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
What is a sluts favourite drink? 7-Up in cider
How are synagogues like lemons? They're full of acidic juice.
Why do women have periods? because they deserve them.
What are snails trying to do? Their best
[Interrupts the wedding vows] it's open bar right?
Poison control sounds pretty easy. Most poisons can't even move.
What is Whitney houstons favorite type of coordination? HAAAANNNNNND EEEEYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEE
If history repeats itself, I'm totally getting a dinosaur.
What do you call a small dog? A subwoofer!
Who is the bees favourite singer ? Sting !
Who is Ed McMahon's favorite Japanese Filmmaker? Hiyooooo Miyazaki.
You're in love? Cool, I'm in sweatpants.
Why chicken commit suicide? To get to the other side.
Why did the tomato blush? He saw the salad dressing.
Why did the tomato blush? He saw the salad dressing!
Chuck Norris can't play LIFE. his is too complicated
"Boint, B-U-R-N-T, boint." - mafia spelling bee.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, and kill them.
Ringing the doorbell.... ...don't knock it 'til you've tried it.
Dont like dogs They can be a bit RUFF!
How to ride an escalator Step 1.
I call my printer Bob Marley. Because it's always Jammin'.
What did the super-fan sheep say to Obama? You Bahhhhhh-Rock!
What's Santa's favourite heavy metal band? Sleigher
Are "authorities" ever not " baffled?"
The best things in life are free. Stealing is awesome.
chuck norris's tears cure cancer, too bad he's never cried.
All good Dick jokes... are well concocted.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurass.
If others are jealous, you're doing something right.
Mark Zuckerberg stole Facebook from my friend, Craig Facebook
What is the Beatles' favourite social media site? REDDIT BE
I'm emotionally constipated I haven't given a shit in days.
What does a gay horse eat? HAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY
"Just Do It" - Nike/Alcohol
What does a snowman eat for dinner? Ice-burgers.
What do you call a canadian enchilada? A centimeter-alada
What is trust? Two cannibals giving each other a blowjob.
The rotation of the earth. Really makes my day.
How does a pig write home? With a pig pen.
Who proofread Hitler's speeches? A grammar nazi
Q( - _-)________o__Q(-_ - ) Asian Ping Pong Match
"You're under arrest for trespassing." "On what grounds?" -FromJokester4Android
Why didn't the bunny hop? No bunny knows... :(
Knock knock... Who's there? Cow. Cow who? COWWHOBUNGA DUDE ._.
What's white on top and black on the bottom? Society
In WW2 my granddad broke the enigma code... machine.
What's the President's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
Wanna play guns? Bend over and I'll cock you.
What do you a paralyzed gangster? A crip.
where are opie and anthony from? ethiopia
My New Year's Resolution 1920x1080
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"
What's my favourite kind of trans-fat? Chaz Bono
You are? Follow instructions. Say - Eye Spell-map Say-ness
Sad news about the Michelin Man.. He's retyred..
Tumblr actually likes Preston Garvey That's it, that's the joke.
Bunch of good one-liners
As an Asian, puberty doesn't hit us... our parents do.
I bought a timeshare on a racehorse. It's a nightmare.
What do you call an army of toddlers? Infantry.
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they
Are you pudgey? Cause you have me hooked!
I'm so depressed, Radiohead is cheering me up.
I got a girlfriend.
What's the difference between r/politics and r/sandersforpresident? The url.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies.
Whats the opposite of progress? Congress
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
why isn't thunder called soundning
It takes balls to be a man.
What do you call an Irish lesbian? Gaelic
What do a Russian pimp call his prostitute? Slobberonmadickyabitch
Ha ha! Clinton-Dix
Every Adele song is about lasagna.
Hey, people "liking" Walmart on Facebook - you OK?
Niantic title
Why was the Facebook post redundant? Because I already reddit
"Pick a lane! Any lane!" - I hate commuter magicians.
Round the Mountain by Sheelagh B. Cummin
What kind of bee can never be understood? A mumble-bee.
Reddit, why do people masturbate? I came here to explain.
Where do Russian cows come from? Moscow!
Two guys walked into a bar... ...the third one ducked.
"Voop voop voop voop voop voop voop voop voop." -corduroys
What does Batman do for Father's Day? Nothing
Why can't you trust any Adam? They make up everything.
What is a red haired persons favorite alcohol? Ginger Ale
My sister lost her voice and told me this joke
"There is no spoon" -Post-Coital Keanu Reeves
PUN MEGATHREAD Post your punniest, worst, most awful puns here
Just because you're offended, doesn't mean you're right.
What would you find on a German fire truck? Ladder-hosen
In Soviet Russia, Romans do as we do.
What's a pirates favorite type of thread? Yaaaaarn.
A Dietitian X Nun's favourite song? Agave Maria
What sound does a subatomic Cow make? Muuuuuuon
What do you call titty fucking underwater? The breast stroke
Riot's Responce to Sandbox Mode Edit: Response
You ever heard of Oedipus? That guy's a real motherfucker.
What's Richard Nixon's favorite game? I spy.
Two peanuts walk into a bar One was a salted.
People: Are you single? me: no i'm Album
What is a Redditor's favorite car brand? The Snoobaru.
one tectonic plated bumped into another... "Sorry my fault"
Pokemon Go Run errands with your mom.
Klondike bars, Hitler did it for one
I'm a champion of grammar; A grampion, if you will.
Kim Jong Un walks into a bar... [removed]
What does Spiderman like to get high on? Mary Jane
Religion... That is all.
Karma's only a bitch if you are.
I wish I had the balls to be a juggler.
Kum &amp; go Ejaculate &amp; evacuate
So I found out today that I have Alzheimer's...
You call it lightning. I call it targeted airstrikes.
Trust us: the feminine form of 'ghostbuster' is 'ghostbuster'.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poker Face
When life gives you chlamydia, make lemon chlamydia?
heres a funny one. womens rights /s
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad
Spoiler alert: this milk expired five days ago
conjunctivitis.com... ... It's a site for sore eyes.
Whats the most confusing day in Detroit? Fathers day.
I hate in your end. O. (innuendo)
What vegetable has the most sexual self-control? The cuecummer!
"Reality is for people who can't use the internet."
What are rich people called in Japan? Milyennaires
I swear my toddler yells at me in Vietnamese
I'm old enough to remember being the tv remote.
What kind of television do horses like? Saddle-lite TV
Do you know what really makes me smile? Facial muscles.
Why can't I eat just one cookie and be happy???
Who's this "moderation" people keep telling me to drink with?
Q: What do you call dirt? A: Dirty.
How will Trump deport the Mexicans? Juan by Juan.
In the words of my dead grandmother...
What do you call a lonely terrorist? ISIL-ated
What's your mom's favorite bird? A cock or two.
Who was the most well known Jewish cook? Hitler!
Old Navy commercials give us a glimpse of Hell
Can someone's face be a pet peeve?
#1 Joke Voted by Australia My life
How do lions like their steaks? RAWR
Why was Ke$ha arrested? TiK ToK On The Clock
What's worse than your mother-in-law? My mother-in-law.
Chuck Norris's Daughter Lost her Virginity... He got it back.
What cell phone service do Stormtroopers use? AT &amp; AT.
I just strangled a mime with a cordless phone.
Don't masturbate with Crisco. It's shortening.
What does a lonely pepper do? Gets jalapeno business.
What's M. Night Shyamalan's favorite flavor of ice cream? Twist
Chuck Norris' favorite cereal is Kellogg's Nails 'N' Gravel.
Looks like balls = Scrotesque.
How much money does a gay pornstar earn? A buttload
Anton Chekhov brought his gun to work He was fired.
I enjoy quaint, old-fashioned customs like being nice to people.
It's me and Pamela Handerson again this Valentine's Day... 
WHAT DO YOU CALL A FAKE NOODLE? AN IMPASTA.
Using my invisible hula hoop really freaks people out.
What's the most Ghetto cheese? E-Dayyyyyyyyyymn (Edam)
What do you call a hot indian girl? Bomb bae
What is light and red? Pink
Dysentery It's a shitty way to die.
Where do rabbits like to eat breakfast? IHOP!
What do Chinese lumberjacks do? Chopsticks
What's another word for a penis potato? A dictator
JOCKEY: "Watch me whip" HORSE: "Watch me neigh neigh"
What'd you call a German businessman? An enterpreNeuer.
*pets your eyebrows* there, there caterpillar; everything will be ok
The Enola Gay Made rice crispies long before Kellogg's
Money talks But all mine ever says is good-bye.
What's your favorite city in China? Taiwan
What's an Apple Scottish self-aware computer called? I, Mac.
Want to hear a joke? The Ghostbusters Remake
I BRAKE FOR PERPETUAL GODDAMN CONSTRUCTION ON I-16.
If Monday had a face, I'd punch it.
YOU MUST ENJOY THIS FOOD! It's a required taste.
What is a dentist's office? A filling station.
What did Napoleon say on the rollercoaster? Ouiiiiiiii!
What gym equipment does Jesus use? A cross trainer.
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Walkout
What do you call tubing in Winnipeg? Mani-tubing
Don't have phone sex Because you'll get hearing aids
It's not rape if she's holding bud light
How do scientists freshen their breaths? Ex*spearmints*
What do you call a 350 pound stripper? Broke
In the year 2065, old men will say 'bae'
Happy Birthday, Jesus! The lawn looks great, thanks!
Sometimes I just go to work for the free internet.
IMHO = I Miss Hall & Oates
Who is the poorest in England? The Tooth Fairy!
*strips buck naked*Buck: Give me back my clothes !
You know what's weird? I've never seen any femail boxes.
How does Moses make tea? Hebrews it
I was about make a Sodium Joke... But Na
Ancient Aliens
What's the Titanic's Favorite Holiday? Sink-o de Mayo.
I have a dog named Hot-Dog. Isn't funny? hahahaha....
Wind Farms..... I'm a big fan!
The 2016 presidential race Nuff said.
Why does Lebron James drive automatic? He has no clutch.
What do mexicans drink in the morning? Dos Eggys
People who aren't funny get offended by jokes.
Don't tease fat girls; elephants never forget.
Why can't spooky skeletons cross the road? No guts.
What's a feminists favourite type of math? triggernometry
Knock! Knock!
More outlets please, anyone planning on building anything anywhere.
What's long, hard and covered in blood? The Boston Marathon!
Report: Scientist walks in on climate changing, awkwardness ensues
What did the rapper say to the deli owner? Challah!
Lesbian Eskimo? Klondyke.
Why do green beans meditate? To find inner peas!
-Knock knock -Who's there? -Go fuck yourself!
Why are you baking octopus? So I can get octopi.
What's the most evil thing a human being can do?
how does james bond prefer his women? shaven, not furred
Curiosity killed the cat. NASA apologized profusely.
If you set fire to LMFAO they'll become ROTFLMAO.
How do you cook toilet paper? You brown it!
Hell, even an 80-year-old prostitute works more often than twitter.
What's 6.9? A perfectly good 69 ruined by a period
What is a dank memers favorite letter? A
Why didn't the melons get married? They were cantaloupes. ;)
If at first you don't succeed... skydiving isn't for you...
Everything men know about women [ ]
I'd make a wind pun But it blows..
Tangled earbuds are the new rubik's cube.
I got my dog a tinder... He loves chasing pussy
What's the worst name a transvestite could choose? Amanda
What did the fish scream when its tank cracked? "Dam-it!"
NO, YOU GET THE HELL OFF YOUR PROPERTY.
Asian kid drinking alcohol under age Call that Jin-yung
What do you call a Vagina's Poem? A Solliloqueef
Q. Where can you dance in California? A. San Fran-disco
The British Pound? You mean the British Ounce.
Where do Sith lords go to shop? The Darth Mall.
Where do snowmen go to dance ? Snowballs !
What do you call a fishing prostitute A Hooker
"Wish You Were Beer!" Wait...no...that's right...send.
Just took a huge Nicolas Cage movie.
Where does one apply to be a "kept man"?
How do you circumcise a whale? Four skin divers
Family cookouts are spent telling me to "stop...don't say that"
Test post, do not click. You suck at following directions.
what is a feminists favorite branch of mathematics? Triggernometry
Did you hear that protons have mass? Na
I ate too many rowing paddles Now I feel oar-full
What do you call a slutty fisherman/woman? A hooker.
What is Beethoven's favorite food? Ba-Na-Na-NAAAAAAAAAAAA
Why is Spider-Man a bad boyfriend? He's super clingy.
What do you call an Irish milkshake? Mashed potatoes...
What can turn a fruit into a vegetable? Jeffrey Dahmer!
What is a Catholic's favorite weapon? Nun-chucks.
What's better than a paradox? A pair of nurses
What do you call a gay fly? a maggot
What are Mitt Romney's favorite shoes? Flip flops
MurphySnowden Law of Fluid Dynamics Everything leaks out eventually.
What's black and screams Stevie wonder answering the iron
How long should you microwave fish for? Tuna half minutes.
We Don't Swerve Blondes Here
Being human is OK, but I wish there were alternatives.
He who laughs last is probably just really high.
Why couldn't the melons get married? Because they can't elope.
Blind prostitutes. You gotta hand it to 'em.
If you don't pay your exorcist... You may get repossessed.
Having dinner with my phone and some people.
I'm angry that only one company makes the game monopoly.
*accidentally deletes a tweet* MY LITERATURE!
True embarrassment lies within your first email address
Did you hear about the failed Origami shop? If folded.
What's a wombat for? For playing wom
What's long and black? An unemployment line.
What is the best way to stop rape? Consent
"Money isn't everything" - Someone with a shitload of dough
Wanna know my New Year's Resolution? 4K, baby.
Whoever named the ewe really didn't like female sheep
What do you call an overpriced circumcision? A rip off.
What's the best thing about blowjob? A moment of silence...
Ciger: close but no cigar.
Low self esteem group meeting Please use the back door
Q: How do elephants smell? A: Really bad.
What does Air bnb stand for? Bring no blacks
How do you pay a quiz master? with finances.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Crimea River Crimea river - Putin
Don't do drugs Without me
Want to hear a construction joke? It's not finished yet.
What is orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
A guy walks into a bar... Ow!
Did you hear about the bedbug? He was undercover.
Did your world end today? Mayan didn't
"It's a-WE, Mario." - Peach, shortly before the divorce
What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen
The best joke ever created. Feminism.
What does DNA stand for? The National Dyslexic Association
Me I'm a joke.
fools cosa rara
"Look guys! No hands!" -captain of the Titanic
Knock knock. Mailman.
I've built a labyrinth for my pigs. It's ham-mazing.
Only 1 month left til black people misspell Kwanzaa.
What is Pinocchio's favourite kind of sex? No strings attached.
What do you call two lepers in a spar? Soup
Billion dollar idea: A phone that charges using body fat!
What do you call a sick Pokemon? Pikachoo
Why can't Hellen Keller drive? Because she's dead
Population Control: Make birth control a psychedelic. You're welcome.
The Story of 3 chinese immegrants
What do cats love to read. catalogs
What do you call an Irish threesome? Dublin up.
What do you call a bull that masturbates? Beef Jerky.
What do you call a bee from US? USB
The gun that killed Reddit Went **Pao Pao Pao**
How do you make 7 even? By removing the S
Damn Jared Back at it again with the white vans!
Why is a river really rich? It's got two banks.
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.
what did 0 say to the 8? nice belt
What do you call a hooker at Christmas? A frostitute
How do you advertise a motor home? A trailer
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre.!
I don't repeat gossip So listen carefully the first time
Crush: "Hey!"  Me: *Retard mode activated*
Why is the number 6 always angry? Because 789
Life is like pizza. It makes you fat.
Why were the letters a-y banned? They were all nazis
Contrary to the rest of America, Twitter runs on drunken.
When is a shirt not a shirt? When it's attire.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite coordination? Hand eyyyyyyyyyyeeeeee......
snickers where r mah snickers
15 year olds be like I remember 9/11
Which strip club does Obama go to? The Illuminaughty
What comes in pairs? seeds
I know this girl who's a total butterpoliticalviews.
What do you call bread from heaven? 100% holy grain
I just invented a new word! Plagiarism
What do you call a Mexican midget prostitute? Cunts-way-low!
Being calm is not something I rate.
My brother is so immature he was a stillbirth
I love dead baby jokes They never get old
We're out of toilet paper, also don't pet the cat.
What do you call a Gay Dinosaur? A Megasaurus
Pimples are a rising issue And a pressing matter
Why are gangstas afraid of the rain? Cuz they roofless.
How do you make a dog smile? Suck its dick.
I sexually identify as a Canadian... I'm eh-sexual.
At least my masseuse has my back.
ever have sex while camping? it's fucking in tents
I have a friend who is half-Indian... He's Ian.
AC Jokes We're not a fan.
What do you call a girl on the grill? Patty
Which two names figure prominently in every Ape's diet? Ben/Anna!
"On my way" I said, pretending to drive my bed.
What do you call tiny batman? Lil Wayne
What does Batman like in his drinks? Just ice
Joke Who wants hear a pun about ghosts?
What do you call a grunge gardener? Hedgy.
What do all dogs get with their phones? Collar ID
What do you call a serial bail man. Cereal flakes
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist? A Pokemon.
Why a centipede cannot fly coach? Not enough leg room!
What do you call a Skydiving criminal Condescending
What do you call Islamic death metal? Allahu Rockbar.
What is easier done than said?
What's Serena Williams' favorite time of day? Ten-ish.
Here's a joke about procrastinating
Quizzes...... If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
Guess what I saw? wood
I get nudes from Adele Sorry, *a dell*
What kind of TV show do felines watch? Catoons
What do people do in Greece? Slip and slide around.
What do bears get at raves? Mauly.
Hitler Where did Hitler keep his armies? In his sleevies!
sdkgnosdngosdg;klm'gtmq[rasmgladmgladmgladmngksdngksdnkgnadkfgnkasgnkpasngksangkasngkdsgksgnkdgnkdgk; I just hacked the CIA [redacted]
Best African soccer team EVER! the French National team...
What do Muslims do at a Rammstein concert du fast
What is worse than bad grammar? pour grammar
Two crows sitting on a fence. Attempted murder.
Documentaries must provide 90% of the employment for violin players.
Office Scare Prank
What is the slowest ship? A snail boat.
What kind of computer can't sing? A Dell
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes
Solving constipation How do you solve constipation? Rape.
How much does a hipster weigh? ....An instagram.
What do you call a bitchy oak? A country
What do frogs drink ? Hot croako !
What is a horse's favourite sport? Stable tennis!
What is a pedophile music teacher's favorite chord? A minor.
What does Pingu say when he feels suicidal? Noose Noose
"This is bullshit" - bull farmer giving barn tours
According to my mom, Michael Jackson died again. #RIPPrince
What do you call a computerized rock band? ASCII/DSCII
How do you count cows? with a cowculator.
What are a philosopher's favorite type of chips? Plato Nachos
What's an alcoholic's favorite book? Tequila mocking bird
What did Hitler smoke? The Jews.
What do you call an intelligent blonde? A Labrador.
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite Christmas carol? Depends, what is yours?
I like my beer like I enjoy my violence. Domestic.
Cello Green has T-Rex arms.
"I can't feel my legs" --mermaids
What part of the body never wins? Dafeat
No one's laugh sounds like "bwahahaha." NO one.
Mom, what's an orgasm? I don't know, ask your dad.
Get rich or die of poverty-related causes
What shouldn't you do at a funeral? The corpse.
Why is the rabbi in geometry? To practice circumscribing
What Would The Rocks Boyfriend Be Called? Fruity Pebble..
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasaurass
I swear to drunk im not Patrick.
What do you call an underwater dog? A sub woofer!
"Hey left ball!"..."What, right ball?" Who's the penis in betweenus?
How do you get your dog to come? Fuck it.
Where did the suicide bomber go when he died? EVERYWHERE!
What sound does an octopus make? A squid word.
What do you call a violent Buddhist? A Zero.
If only closed minds came with closed mouths.
What do you call 2 crackers arguing? White noise.
Is the Black Friday name racist? Because everything's a steal?
What do you call a rapsit that gets raped? JUSTICE
4 words Donald Trump Presidential Library
What is Trump's favorite movie? "Octopussy"
People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.
How does a cat tell time?? In meowers
What is Donald Trump's favourite Olympics event? Fencing.
What do black people drive? house prices down
How do you call a singing PC? a dell
What's Black on top and White bottom? rape
Which Nazi leader likes the Bulls the most? Joseph gobulls!
If Cadillacs are Jew-canoes, what are BMW M6's? Jew-boats.
Two men walk into a bar... The 3rd one ducked.
What happened when the Italian Chef Died He Pasta Way
What does an epileptic vegetarian eat? Seizure salad
I like Buddha He's a well rounded guy
How does a turtle grate cheese? Shredder
What's 50 Cents name in Zimbabwe? 400 Million Dollars
What is a snakes favourite opera ?  Wriggletto !
My brother bought 1000 Japanese cameras. They all go, "Crick".
What do cows say on Halloween? Still moo.
Looking for a +1 for my wedding.
What came first the chicken or the egg? The rooster.
Two peanuts were walking through the bush... One was assaulted.
I'm gonna make you .org until you .com everywhere.
Me: I feel skinnier today! Scale: Nope.
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom? He farts.
What do you call an envious ocean? A jealou'sea'
Brexit EU now has 1 GB of free space!!
What do you call Muslims on a Plane? PASSENGERS!
How often does an oriental farmer milk his cows? Dairy
Drinking hard liquor is... pretty whisky business.
Why is divorce so expensive? Who cares?? It's worth it!
What is a rifle with three barrels? A trifle.
Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
I'm a homeless romantic
Jury duty [Burps] Wow, excuse me. Judge: You're excu-STOP THAT!
"The best things in life are free." ~ shoplifters.
Once I saw a ghost... It looked like your dick
Dicaprio finally won an Oscar!!! Sorry wrong sub...
What's lil Wayne's favorite pizza? Lil seizure
What animal gets applauded? The mosquito.
Is Kamagra safe? http://www.kamagracheaper.eu/index.php?route=blog/article&amp;article_id=3
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotapuss
What do you call Mexican stoners? Baked beans
Hawaiian terrorists be like... Aloha Akbar
What bone will a dog never eat a trombone
Still looking both ways on one-way streets.
What's the most positive thing in Harlem? HIV.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotapus.
What do bees who are allergic to honey get? Hives.
What birds are found in Portugal ? Portu-geese !
Wonder how many novels Stephen King wrote this morning.
Does it count as necrophilia if she's just dead inside?
What two planets should we keep clean? Earth and Uranus.
Why did they call the masseuse sexist? He was massage-anistic..
I have found the secret to intradimensional travel
Does this comic book collection make me look single?
Why is Oklahoma the bleh state? Because it's just OK
Redditors won't get this... Original content
Stephen Hawing running for president Just kidding.....he can't run
The avengers walk into a bar Except vision. He phased.
When I click on "Submit a joke" You.
What do you call a dead magician? Abra Cadaver.
What did Orville say when Keith Harris died? Nothing.
Which snakes are found on cars?  Windscreen vipers.
I just can't get behind gay jokes.
Why did the cyclist stop riding? He was two tired
Two men walk into a bar... Knock, knock.
Who's the dankest pokemon? Vaporeon
A dyslexic walked into the bra
A girl a day keeps the hand away.
What are the other letters of the alphabet? Nazis.
What do you call a sophisticated American? Canadian
Are birth control pills deductible? Only if they don't work.
What is brown and rhymes with Snoop Dr. Dre
One time I shot a gun... And the gun died!
How do japanese chihuahuas say hello? Konichihuahua
How do you have nasal sex? Fuck nose.
If shit was music, you'd be an orchestra.
This is Ray. http://i.imgur.com/BZfRQEt.png
I'm sorry I snort-laughed when you were saying your vows.
Why did the elevator take antidepressants? It was feeling down
What dat mouf do ;)
I like my women like I like my coffee noice
Yesterday, I lost a wedding cake.. ..but today, I fondant.
Why was Jokeexplainbot angry? Because someone was pushing his buttons!
How do you disappoint a Redditor? [deleted]
Only in SF: people checking into the riot on Foursquare.
"Ninja kills Mime" Nobody heard about it
9 out of 7 people can't do fractions
Trust Mom!
Tripods with two legs I can't stand them.
Cash or credit? Did you just assume my tender??
What's an sjw's favorite subject? Triggerednometry
Why did 10 go missing? Because 9/11.
What is Santa's favourite metal band? Sleigh-er
Love  is an extreme sympathy that leads to bed.
WHY IS THAT COTTON CANDY TALKING?! "Grandma, that's Niki Minaj."
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit? Ba-Na-Na-Na
What do you call a radioactive Angler? Nuclear fishin'
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer Ash
TIL about different subreddits. SHIT...
What's the difference between Texas and stupid? Nothing.
What do you call a fragile camera? A glass Canon.
What happens to a drunk vampire? They get a fangover.
Why did the cow tip over? Excellent service.
What is another name for sunscreen? SOLution
2017 New Years Resolution First step: write down the resolu
How do you make a protester cry? Tear gas
Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
4/21 International Drug Test Day!!!!
What does a nosy pepper do? He get jalepeno business.
What's gray and can't fly? A parking lot.
Lol (sorry for my bad english)
What sexual position makes the ugliest babies? Ask your mom
What's Shakespeare's favorite video game? Sonnet the hedgehog
Somewhere between murder and suicide There's Merseyside
What does a nosy pepper do? Gets jalapeno business.
Castlevania 2: Simon's Quest
Don't trust the atoms... They make up everything.
Bill Cosby likes pudding his dick where it doesn't belong.
What's the one thing spiderman can't eat? Uncle bens rice
Super convenient that my arms came with cup holders.
Where do fish come from? Finland!
"I" before "E" but only at participating locations
I'm anti-semantic but I don't know how to say it.
INFORMER!!! Younosaydahdfrxqpgirnmekdmhgjwrztnhyenixblaamm... A LICKY BOOM BOOM DOWN!
"Wait, it wasn't us? Are you sure?" - Fox News
What is the most popular soda in candy land? Lolli-pop
Would you like some salt? Na.
Roses are red. Wine is red. Poems are hard. Wine.
Why don't Jewish mothers drink? Alcohol interferes with their suffering.
You know what's funny? An unexpected shift in context.
Merry christmas and happy new year! - Internet explorer
Where do banana slaves go to work? Plantaintions.
How'd the preacher catch A.I.D.S. in Africa? Missionary style.
Why can't T-Rexes clap? Because they're extinct.
He Who Farts In Church... ...Sits In His Own Pew.
How did the Jewish terrorist die? Hebrew up.
Why did the chicken cross OP's mother? .
Everybody is annoying after one hour.
What kind of insect gets triggered on tumblr? A butthurtfly
Man, these hotcakes are selling like themselves.
The best thing about telepathy is...I know, right?
The worst excuse I have ever came up with.
What kind of currency do they use in space? http://i.imgur.com/vfZp1nP.jpg
Wanna hear a terrorist joke? Israeli good..
How many elves does a german santa have? Elf.
5+5=6 -5+6=-12 10+10=200 no joke
What's your blud type bob? Typo
Why was the laser sad? All his gas is Argon.
I've just raped a retarded virgin. Pure and simple.
Interviewer: "Are you proficient with Microsoft Office?" Interviewee: "Word."
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry
What do you call a Magician's dog? A Labracadabrador.
Why is turkey happy? It just escaped from a coop.
How do painters stay warm? They add another coat.
Circumcision jokes are.... ....pointless.
What do cops do at a buffet? They pig out.
How do you measure a milf? themommeter
What would reunite the Beatles? 2 more bullets
Why don't mathematicians build bridges? Because they'll never be perfect.
What kind of goat did Houdini have? A scapegoat.
What do you call a group of squids? a *squad*
What did Leonardo DaVinci call his house? The DaVinci Abode
Wanna hear a joke about potassium? K
How many goals did Germany score? A Brazillion.
how do you hide from hitler? Standstill.... he can nazi.
What the corniest part of a corn field? The corner.
What is a castrated male's favorite operating system? Unix.
What squeaks as it solves crimes ? Miami mice !
How do trees browse the internet? They log in.
What kind of nuts go on your feet? *Sigh*... Cashews.
How long do you have to wait between naps?
What is Santa Claus' favorite metal band? Sleigher
I quit smoking for good Now I smoke for evil.
What's a feminist's favorite math class? Triggernometry.
Necrophilia The insatiable urge to crack open a cold one
Missing a period is probably a Grammar Nazi's worst nightmare.
What do you call a mexican prostitute? Nach-ho
The world's shortest joke. Pakistani government.
Religion That is all
What do you call a half gay man? A semicolon.
What kind of money do religious businesses make? Prophet.
"Challlaaaaaah" -hip hop rabbi
Why did Toby rape a girl? He couldn't Turner on
Do they make special shoes for gingers with no soles?
Which bounty hunter specializes in tracking elves? Jingle Fett
What college did the eyeball go to? ICU.
Want to hear a joke about nitric oxide? NO
. No Shoes No Shirt No Problem Welcome To Walmart.
How do the Sith ascend? Elevaders
Q: What is the clumsiest bee? A: A bumbling bee.
How to make your ears pop? Try some sparkly earrings.
How much money do porn stars make? A fuckload.
All microwaveable popcorn packages should be accompanied by dental floss
What do you call a smart Blonde? A Golden Retriever
"I love all quilts, regardless of quality." - blanket statement
What finally killed Captain Hook? Jock Itch!
Why did the cow sign up for TSA precheck? Butterflies
Utah... but I'm taller.
What happens when 2 meets 3 at Times Square? 36
My girlfriend is such a procrastinator She never finishes
R.I.P boiled water... You will be mist
What is Eminem made of? He is made of Mathers
I don't understand chinese philosophy. It Confucius me.
I hate being bipolar. It's awesome!
No one likes a motherfucker *Except for the mother*
I like my women like I like my cod Battered
Impotence: Nature's way of saying "No hard feelings".
Houseguests should have a mandatory bedtime.
What body of water is used for writing? The Apostrosea.
Can't believe tomorrow is Take Your Alcohol to Work Day.
My girlfriend is like Windows... She's 10.
*Ahem, ahem* So...  A needle pulling thread... 
Jesus saves But Moses invests
Why do parrots carry umbrellas? So they don't become polly-saturated!
Pickup lines in /r/jokes? Stahp.
What do you do when a timeline dies? Barry it.
What do you call 10 degree water? Ice.
Doritos - my own personal love triangles.
What do you call a christian crawdad? A Prayfish.
In the jungle, the mighty jungle. Cecil sleeps forever.
Your mama so FAT32 She always takes 4096 bytes
A baby seal walked into a club ba dum tss
wouldn't be arguing...
Favorite lame DAD joke
What's a Mexican's favorite assignment? Ese's(Essays)
How do I like eggs? Ummm...in a cake!
What's a Liberal Arts Major's Favorite Board Game?...... Trivial Pursuit.
Them: Pleasure to meet you. Me: Give it time.
What does an Alabama prostitute give her family? A discount!
Why did Einstein marry his cousin? It's all relative.
What's Jared Fogles favourite Vietnamese cocktail? Sum yung gai
Shock me, say something intelligent.
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon? About tennish
racist frat dudes.. now ive seen everything.
What do you call an extroverted snail? A slug
*Opens Twitter*.....scrolls 4356 tweets....*checks for abs*
What's an undertaker's favorite element? Barium!
All panties aside, it's Friday.
What do you call a sad watermelon? melancholy
"I sound nothing like that when I cry." -doves
I'm a proud member of DAM: Mothers Against Dyslexia.
A dyslexic man... Walks into a bra.
Dijon vu The feeling you've eaten this mustard before.
Mary was in the prophet making business
Why is Rengar so OP? Because E: Bola Strike.
Music is like candy Just throw out the wrappers.
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes
Batman Begins Twerking #AddaWordRuinaMovie
Most of the lies I tell aren't even true.
What goes clip-clop clip-clop bang!? An Amish drive-by shooting.
I answer private number calls with: "Rent a Gent hello"
What is up with these reposts? It must be heredditory.
You're not considered an alcoholic if you're married.
What did they call the Mexican cleaning robot? Aye CaRoomba
What person strives to ensure safety for horses? Ralph Neighder!
What do you call a sick eagle? Illegal.
Tony the Tiger knows that Chuck Norris is G-R-E-A-T!
What do gay jazz musicians play? The ballsax.
What was Hitler's least favorite sauce? Jus
What do midwesterners call Minnesota? Minnepop.
What do anemic people drink? Pale ale
What animals do you bring to bed? Your calves.
Not all wood floats Natalie wood, for example.
Ireland is beautiful Too bad Irish people live there
What is a chicken's favorite composer? Bach!
TIFU Now the disc is not playable.
What's everyone's problem with euthanasia? I like little asian kids
Trump running for president It's Hillaryous.
Why was the chess player pregnant? Because they were mated.
If you tase an electrician, he only becomes more powerful.
A woman walks into a bar. "OUCH!"
"Whoa! It's really hot in here!" "Sorry, Should I leave?"
If Clinton makes a good joke it'll be Hillaryous
I gave a melon a vasectomy. Now it can't elope
A joke about 'The Interview' Nobody fucking cares.
My TCP server is getting fat Too many processed syn-acks
How much resistance can a Buddhist monk endure? Ohmmmmmm............?
Kleptomaniacs are the worst hecklers. They always steal the punch...
What gas is best dressed at a dinner party? Formaldehyde
Daisy: how are you Gatsby: great
What elements make up life? Lithium and Iron
How do you piss off horny redditors in nsfw? [deleted]
What do you call three Trumpies? Drei rot.
How does a Japanese chihuahua say hello? Konichihuahua
Caucasian Half-Cauc, Half-Asian
What do you call a black man camping? Criminal intent
Chocolate Rain + Rickrolling = death by Youtube
Want to hear a good physics pun? It's relatively funny.
in your head, in your heaaaaaad Harambe, Harambe
ISIS, meet ebola. Ebola, meet ISIS. Problem solved.
What do you call a miniature pension? Warhammer 401k
Beware of Advice from Successful People They don't want company.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
What do you call a gay Eskimo? A snowblower.
Friend: [showing baby photos] Me: Ah yes, very baby
To err is human To arrrgh is pirate
What's a necrophiliac's favorite band? Coldplay.
So an ogre walks into a club...
What do you call a weatherman's evil twin? A doppler-ganger
Atoms are what make us all Matter:)
good jokes here http://iteslj.org/c/jokes-short.html
I hate being bipolar. It's fucking awesome.
Wish the trash would take me out for once.
Sausages or..... Salsa Jizz
Where do Snowmen go to dance? To snowballs.
AMA request: Floyd Mayweather I wonder if he'll see this
Where do lobsters buy their work clothes? Homardware.
What is the best "bang for your buck"? Vaseline.
I don't have friends, I have acquaintances and parasites.
Will He Win ? by Betty Wont
Eat your school, stay in drugs, and don't do vegetables.
An escalator can never break  it can only become stairs.
I like short jokes.
You: Knock knock, Me: Who's there?
I'm DJ Con$tapation I don't give a shit.
How did the Endorian get to school every day? Ewok'd.
Do you like fishsticks? What are you a gay fish
Open books don't get judged by their covers.
Bill Clinton right now, texting Monica Lewinsky "You up?"
Where do ants keep their armies? in their sleevies
I was cured of lycanthropy. Now I'm a were-wolf.
What do you call cake that isn't yours? Stollen
*forgets to talk to friends for 4 weeks*
Whats the easiest way to annoy someone?
Women that date guys with bad grammar are the goodest.
What is a mathematician's favorite food? A slice of Pi.
Snake: *hissssssssss* Feminist snake: \*herrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr\*
What football position did the forever alone play? Left Out
Your garbage disposal eats better than most of the world.
How do you catch a Douchebag? JerkBait.
What does a 90 year old's pussy taste like? Depends.
Knock knock... Who's there? Ah. Ah who? WEREWOLVES OF LONDON
Authorized, Bona Fide, Established... those are some Legit synonyms.
What did man create that inevitably destroyed man itself? Reddit
A girls diet always starts tomorrow...
I'd like people more if they were kittens instead.
Why do ants get sick? Because they have little anty-bodies.
What did the Frenchman yell on the roller coaster? Yes!
Ur mum is so ugly That hello kitty said goodbye
What does Light Yagami drink at the bar? Tekira!
I want to open a donut shop called Hole Foods.
 Kim Jong Un   North Korea  the   ? Because    !
What's a teenage fish's favorite website? Prawn Hub
What's a ginger's favorite drink? Ginger ale!
You know what really gets my goat? The Chupacabra.
Just realized I've been misquoting George Orwell since 1985.
Don't click this!!! Ahahaahahaha! Gotcha!! :P
Would you blow him?
On your mark, get set, go f*ck yourself.
So sick of all the time travel jokes next week.
Clothes are just, human shaped blankets.
Funny and strange video
Why did the lion get lost? Cos jungle is massive.
Italian wedding invitation , 2 D wedding Rosa Mr .
I call my kettle Jim Carey, because it brews-all-my-tea.
Are you impulsive? Think about it
what did my sperm get for easter? an egg hunt!
Cerebral palsy It's the thinkin man's palsy
What did the Mexican firefighter call his son?? Jose
What do you call a computer that sings? A-Dell.
Damn! I'm still writing Slovakia on my Czechs!
He's as sharp as a bowling ball.
What do you call a bull masturbating? Beef stroganoff
Do they really serve burgers in Transylvania? Very rare-ly.
Date: "So, what do you want to be?" Me: "Impressed."
Cry Baby - by Liza Weeping
Not having any friends means I'm always the pretty one.
What is heavy forwards but not backwards? A ton.
Communism is awful. It's just common cents.
A black guy walks into a police station.
Girls who say bestie are the worstie.
Whats the fastest way to a women's heart? A Knife
What were people doing during the last ice age? Chillin.
The time machine of tomorrow. Today.
Here comes my big moment... MOMENT.
Ever read Hitler's 2nd book? It was called Mein Bad.
The best things in life are free. JK, they're carbs.
What's Jesus's porn name? Hot cross buns.
What does a vegan zombie eat? GGGRRRAAAIIINNNSSS!!!
I hope I can kill my feelings before my liver.
PMS jokes are not funny... Period.
It ain't harassment if... Her ass meant to be slapped
I like my women like I like my coffee... Silent.
A kiss makes my day. Anal makes my whole week.
Home is anyplace where you don't have to wear pants.
What happened when Hitler lost his glasses? He could Nazi.
Is your last name Stilton? *insert cheesy pickup line here...*
Why does Peter Pan Fly? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call Dracula when he goes swimming? Aqua-Vlad
Date tip: buy a calendar
Dr. Seuss would have CRUSHED it on 8 Mile.
Where do atheists donate their money? Non Prophet Organizations
If your Polly wants a cracker, he's a white supremacist
Made a cool logo for /r/jokes Ya like it ? 
Your greatness is measured by the font-size of your obituary.
Dogs can't operate an MRI machine But Catscan
Mini-horses are like mini-donuts, you can't just eat one
What does the Alt-Right drink? White whine.
Why do people carry umbrellas? Because umbrellas cant walk.
Halo? more like..... GAYLO!!!!!!!
"Hey babe, you smell that?" "No." "Me neither, start cooking."
All dogs go to heaven... But all snakes are athe-hissssssssssts
Say what you want about deaf people...
What's long and black? The unemployed line.
What is a vampire's favorite sport?  Batminton.
Why can't R2D2 walk? Because he has MS-DOS
The insane really should be institutionalized. Trump for President
Guess what I'm going to do if I get Alzheimer's?
Why did 6 wanna fuck 7? Cus 7 8 ass.
Squirrels are just rats who blow dry their tails.
How many palindromes do I know of? Not a ton
They should call Jupiter JEWpiter Because its a gas planet.
What do you call a Middle Eastern moving company? Pack-it-stan
The way I bend the rules should qualify as yoga.
What do you call a French vacation? A retreat.
If superman were evil he'd be the man of steal
What do bees eat? Hum-burgers
"Awww. There there." *pats you on the face. Hard
What's long and hard on a black guy? First grade.
Do you know what really gets my goat? El chupacabra
Black Friday Matters!! No, all Fridays matter.
What does Donald Trump call his penis? Little Marco
The Food Pyramid http://imgur.com/hugGqpi
My ex-girlfriend had eczema She had a cracking fanny.
What to hear something funny? Original Content
do the Simpsons know they're all dying of jaundice
How much does a dead elephant weigh? A skele**ton**.
Sex discriminates against the shy and the ugly.
M'eal *tips waiter*
What's Brown and Sticky? A stick!
What's E.T. Stand for? Extra testicle
How much horsepower does a mustang have? 1
I would love to give Rachel Riley a cream 3.14159265359
What do you call a fake noodle an impasta
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Dear Sir/Madam, Your transgender operation has been a partial success.
Why don't snakes like Vitamin C? Because it's an anti-hisstamine.
A joke about the mods [removed]
"No, Dad, Vampire Weekend is not like Shark Week..."
Still haven't forgiven my parents for not being rich.
I had reconstructive bone surgery It wasn't Humerus
Who invented cereals? Chris P.
So a seal Walks into a club.. *Rim shot*
Happy fathers day... ... you motherfucker
It's been a tough year for gluten farmers.
I'm so horny... ..even the crack of dawn looks good.
What's the fastest thing in Bulgaria? Light
Where do pencils go for vacation? Pencil-vania.
For logic-based beings. !!... Who's there? Same as before.
What is the microbe's favorite country singer? (Original) Amoeba Mcentire
lol so good https://soundcloud.com/yung-palmtree
What grazes in the Higgs Field? The Higgs Bison!
Sometimes I tell my And I laugh at them.
So Kanye had another kid... He named it Wild Wild
What is black and doesn't work? Decaffeinated coffee.
What type of animal browses Reddit? Karma-vore
How do you greet a gay Hispanic?  Homo Estas!
Hard to concentrate on work with Arbor Day so close.
The Taliban heavily overestimates the need for monkey-bar training.
what type of music does a balloon hate? Pop music
What's blue and doesn't weigh much? Light blue
What do Russians call their sexual partners? Cumrades
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? Yeah, neither have they.
down vote this do it
Why are most runners single? At best they're ASICS.
Who is the oldest singer on the Internet? Click Jagger.
Why did the painting go to jail? It was framed.
Knock, knock. Who's there?
Chuck Norris *hates* Raymond.
The Detroit Lions That's it; that's the joke.
Civilization is just one really long and annoying group project.
Jesus loves you, but Zeus thinks you're stupid.
Baltimore? More like BaltiLESS! Haha!
if you stabbed me i would probably bleed pizza sauce.
Why was the Mexican tire sad? Because it was despair
what do you call a Canadian alien? ehh lmao
What do you call a gay geologist? Fagate.
He who farts in church Sits in his own pew
(OC) What's the dirtiest part of a Jedi? The Forceskin.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? a carrot...
What does a parrot named Larry talk about? Vocabulary
Do her by the ocean. Beaches love crabs.
What kind of cigarettes do California kids smoke? Yours.
What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowtin
*eats one piece of lettuce* checks for abs
The older I get, the better I was.
I really like some metamorphic rocks... They're the schist!
How do you describe the life of a redditor? [removed]
What is a drug addicts favorite snack? Crack-ers
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit's finger
What do you call a woman-hating masseuse? A massage-onist.
Jet Steel can't melt dank memes
Home Alone 3: Take the Hint, Kevin
What comes between fear and sex? Funf
Thou puny pottle-deep joithead! You tell em Shakespeare!
Why do blind people walk their dogs so much?
Lizzie Borden had a couple of really good lifehacks.
What food greatly diminishes a women's sex drive? Wedding cake
What is brown and sticky? A stick.
A horse walks into a bar and orders an N.
What was the fisherman's favorite art style reelism
Linguistics Student: "What's a glottal fricative?" "*Heavy sigh*"
A man walks into a bar and says... OUCH!
Any jokes about failed startups?
Biggest joke on Reddit r/politics
What's the difference between stew haters and steers.
Just realized some twitter handles are probably prison ID numbers.
Don't worry, you are safe Zombies eat brains
Saw my ex... Please. She needs to die.
How do you address a monster? Very politely.
What do you call 4 dicks tied together? An erectangle.
TEXT "TEXT" TO TEXT TO DONATE A TEXT TO TEXT
Find out this one weird trick fishermen use. Click bait.
I want my money back, these suppositories taste like shit.
"It's not you, it's me" - DiGiorno, to delivery
Save the cheerleader, save Reddit. 
What car does a japanese girl love to ride Nee-san
Food is like dark humour... Not everyone gets it.
Why do women love Satan? He's down to Earth.
What can't I find on the internet? My keys
Steve Harvey
What do you call an angry German? A sour kraut
What's an octopuses favourite latin saying? Squid pro quo!
How many apples grow on a tree? ALL OF THEM!!
How does a jew make coffee? Hebrews it
What do you call a Jewish rapper? A rappi.
What do you call a former member of ISIS? WASWAS
Where does food go when Palpatine eats it? In Sidious!
I'm not an elitist. I'm far better than that.
What do you call a musician's erection? A tromboner.
What's a bounty hunter's favorite cheese? Fetta
I used to be a werewolf... but I'm alright noooooooowwwwww!
'I' before 'E' , except after 'C' Weird.
3 words that wins a girl's heart. Suck my dick
"No woman, no cry." - Tarzan breaking up with girlfriend.
The Internet is like alcohol, it gives people courage.
Why I think North Korea is a bad place [deleted]
What did Tennessee? ...the same thing Arkansas
"Internet pretty"  angled profile photos that disguise the ugly truth.
So is the Pope like... single now?
How do you find the click bait audience?
You're not a mistake. Mistakes can be fixed. You're hopeless.
"Huh?" - Wonder Woman
Did you hear about that pirate movie? It's rated "Arrrrrrrr!"
An Indian can do anything for sex Even marriage
Why are urologists selfish? Because they're all about number one
What was Hitler favorite TV show? The Amazing Race
A photon walks through a bar
If life gives you lemons, you migth be lysdexic
What does Eckhart Tolle get for Christmas? Presence
grey matter What's grey and comes in quarts? An elephant.
How does a Welshman find sheep in long grass? Irresistible
What does an electrician say when he's confused? Watt?!
What is a ducks favourite drug? quack
Every mirror is a vanity mirror.
What's your dad getting for Christmas?  Bald and fat.
My girlfriend has the hottest ass in the world. Me
How to insult a nerd "Is rhat an Apple Watch?"
Drunk girls shouldn't even be allowed to have phones.
Red. My least favorite urine color.
Where do ninjas come from? Out of nowhere!
I don't like vacuums. They suck.
Taking pictures with an iPad is the new fanny pack.
Why are cigars unhealthier than cigarettes? Because they're fatter.
What do Asgardians use to keep food hot? A Thormos.
Women age like fine wine... In my basement
What is a terrorist favorite Pokemon move? Self-Destruct
What's the best fantasy book? A bible
Proposing new subreddit rule No more menstruation jokes. Period.
if a cop pulls u over play dead
I married a Chinese millionaire..... ....Ka Ching.
What material do african blacksmiths use the most? Steel.
What do you call smutty pictures of birds? Pornithography.
*Financial Status* Just rinsed off a paper plate...
Which Sri Lankan do Star Wars fans like? May Theforcebewithyou.
What sound does an Italian American microwave make? Bada bing!
If I like my job am I a "gruntled" employee??
What is the Sun's favorite type of music? Sol.
Dark comedy is like food. Not everyone gets it.
Pythagoras was a skeptic... ...but now he believes in angles
Where do geneticists store vegetables? In the CRISPR drawer
Why are gay guys able to float? Because they're flamboyant.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
In this sentence, their are exactly three errorrs.
Hits rock bottom. *adds Geologist to resume
Yo mama so fat... She models for the atlas
What do you call a fake Irish diamond? A shamrock.
What is the needless meat to a vagina? The woman!
I bought zombie insurance recently it was a no brainer
A cop that contemplates his existence: Philofficer
Arrghh! I'm so bummed! I finally got laid off
"How about a scarf?" - Johnny Depp's stylist every day.
LeAnn Rimes No it doesn't.
What does eighty year old pussy taste like? Depends.
Oh you graduated from DeVry too?! Which month were you?
Horses are so negative in meetings.... They are such neigh-sayers.
Politicians are like diapers... They're almost exclusively white
How do you make a hormone? Don't tip her.
Hitler ruined the Charlie Chaplin mustache for everyone.
Hey Dad? Can you sing me the Alphabet? Sure, "abcdefghiJK."
I've never really heard a ginger joke... Got any?
Magic Johnson is one positive individual.
I wish "it's the thought that counts" worked for housework.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop...? Dr Dre
How often does Mary see her special friend? Periodically.
"Was that lightning?" No... they're taking pictures for google earth.
"Knock Knock.", "Who's there?" I Eat Map
I married a European chess master. He's my Czech mate.
What is the hardest part about eating vegetables? The wheelchair.
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WA-TA!
How many dead babies can fit inside a Bio-dumpster? 16.
How long is a chinese name
What's green and smells like Ms. Piggy? The Boston Celtics
What do you call a gay Chocobo? A kweer.
Never call a woman fat An elephant never forgets.
What's brown and sticky? My poster of Beyonce.
Haha Whats is a house without ears : anwser:homtydumty:}
"PS, I love you" -- Me to my PlayStation.
What do you call a Mexican baptism? Bean dip!
I just got accused of "plagiarism" Their words not mine!
What do Islamic McDonalds employees wear? A cheeseburka
What kind of ears do trains have? Engineers (engine ears).
Where can you always find money? In the dictionary.
A bomb goes off at Reddit Wow, this blew up!
Sign language is a pretty handy skill
Just watched some Midget Wrestling. It was a short fight.
Women are like rollercoasters... Fucking mental.
So, a squirrel walks into a bar- -k
Guy walks into a bar Metal bar. Ouch
Sorry, I'm using all 43 grocery carts. Use a basket.
This year for Lent, I'm giving up
People who pronounce didn't as."dih-in't" please doh-on't.
Where did the terrorist go after the explosion? Everywhere..
I'm German and Jewish. I hate myself
what is a ghosts favorite lunch meat? Boo-loney :D
What is orange and sounds like a parrot? A CARROT
Christianity One woman's affair which got out of hand.
What is the origin of black jewish people? The oven.
Reddit is like cancer it's much bigger than you thought.
Gypsy marathon: runs to a lake, swims, bikes back
What's a feminist's favorite rapper? Feminem
Did you hear about the happy Roman? He was glad-he-ate-her
What did baby corn say to mumma corn? Where's popcorn?
The janitor's union called for sweeping reforms.
What do you call alcohol in a birdbath? Tequila Mockingbird!
What do pirates call fat whores? LAND HO!
Why can't a T-rex clap? Because there extinct.
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have they
What's black and hard? Cast iron.
Why do men float? 'Cause they're all scum.
Why are redditors American? Because they always \*tip\*.
What is the opposite of progress? [](/colgatereally)Congress.
Marriage is the main reason for divorce.
What's the most awkward U.S state? O....Hi!.....o.....
Today's date: 4/9/16 2 squares/3 squares/4 squares 4/9/16
What do you call a joke about oral sex? Pun-ilingus.
I retweet to avoid any awkward silences between tweets.
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite drink? White Russian, Straight
coding humor 1 +1 ___ =10
Armageddon... ...tired of all these Rapture jokes.
I'm celebrating 200 years of the buffalo. It's the bison-tennial!
Profanity is unnecessary and fucking stupid.
Kadala of Diablo 3
If I was an origami penguin, where would I hide?
How did the aquarium win the battle? Giant Fish Tanks.
Can a ninja throw a star? Shur-he-can!
What do you call a sudden fart? An institute.
Chick Peas and everyone wants to watch.
Two mods walk into a bar... [deleted]
I don't usually make anal sex jokes... ...butt fuck it
Yo momma is so fat She's dead.
What type of grapes to Indians like? Gangrapes Edit: do*
What did socialists use before candles? Light bulbs.
What's the best time of the day? 6:30... *hands down*
I used to be dyslexic but now I'm KO
There's a bizarre irony to jokes about Ebola going viral.
Why does carbon monoxide smell like fjbsjko
In Soviet Russia ... the Government owns the Corporations.
What do boxes breathe? Boxygen
What are all sports in Africa called? The hunger games
How do redditors get their water? From a well, actually
Why aren't there any asprins in the jungle? The parrots-eat-em-all.
I'm not going to heaven because I'm afraid of heights.
What soft drink do pigs like best? Root beer.
The Orgasm Time Machine A coming of age story.
There's no I in you. Yet.
HR and I apparently disagree on what "debriefed" means.
Know who loves to get fisted? Sock puppets.
You know what's odd? Numbers not divisible by 2.
What is a Mafia enforcer's favorite game? Whack-A-Mole
"Sensitive" guys who only retweet chicks, you're not fooling anyone.
What is a Thai person's finishing fight move. Bangkok.
What vegetables do plumbers hate the most? Leeks
Dogs are all "huh?" while cats are all "ugh."
How did Hitler pick up Jewish girls? With a dustpan...
What language are you speaking? Cause it sounds like bullshit.
You're like a brand new pencil pointless
What is Italian-American foreplay? "Hey! Wake up and roll over!"
What do music producers eat for breakfast? Fruity Loops
Stop calling me a Karma Whore I'm a Karma Escort.
Why can't ghosts have sex? Because they have Halloweenies
LPT: Always know what subreddit you are posting in
Why did the USA invade Panama? Just 'Cause
What do you call an Italian suppository? Innuendo.
Macbeth.docx That's a play on word
Why don't Indians eat baguette? Because there's naan there.
What did the spanish soccer announcer invest in? **GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD**
Rap is 75% Crap
How do you describe every gf in one word? K
What do you call a bad joke about prostitutes? Whorrible.
Why couldn't Bach be a rapper? Because he's Baroque.
What do you call a group of Idiots? Congress
What's a frog's preferred fastener? Rivet.
Dear Google, It's *You're,not "Your" https://gyazo.com/96cc1d47896deae8c436aa8afb56f36b
God made Heaven and Earth The rest made in China
What did the power ranger-turned-addict say? It's morphine time!
Where do tv's go on vacation? To remote Islands
A woman was battered over breakfast ...it was waffle :(
What do thesauruses eat for breakfast? Synonym rolls.
Why don't pc gamers get laid Because they're micro-soft
They don't even serve apples at Applebee's. Or bees.
IamA former Backpage massage girl - AMA!
Chemists do it on the table... Periodically.
What do you call space herpes? Star Warts.
What was the Neo Nazi's favorite computer game? Mein Kraft
Online Dating is like Online gaming. The Grind is real.
What did the doctor call his new metal band? Inflamed
What did the tv get for Christmas? Replaced
Happy 2011! I can't wait for Internet Explorer 9.
Want to hear a gay joke? Nevermind... it's kinda gay
What happens to lawyers after they die? They lie still.
What time does Wimbledon start? Tennish
harry potter and the prisoner of society
what do you call a boring burrito? aburrido
What's the gift that keeps on giving? AIDS
You got to hand it to blind prostitutes...
What porn does a rooster watch? Hentai
funniest joke i've ever heard. womens's rights.
Vagina jokes are not funny, Period
Farted on my wallet... Now I have gas money.
Anyone else feeling solipsistic? No-one?
Why was the electron mad? Well, it doesn't really matter...
What does a perverted frog say? Rubbit
What type of meat are your calves made of? Bologna.
Every time I open my mouth, some idiot starts talking.
What is a terrorist his favourite car? A Citroen C4
What did the moon say to the window? Fuck off
love is joke hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
This month is so 08/15
What did Stephen Hawking say when his computer crashed? Nothing.
Q: Can February March? No. But April May!
Where do mathematicians go to gamble? Sine city
You brought me roses? I can't eat this. Get out.
Caitlin Jenner's name should be Trans Trans Jenner
What do you call a Canadian pimp? Jose (hoes eh?)
What do you call a frightened nun? A nervous habit
How do Germans tie their shoelaces? In little knotsies....
I think it works! GUYS! I just invented time travel!
Just made 7 decisions based on my phone's battery life.
Based on the novel 'Push Notifications' by iSapphire
Cantaloupe... or Wontaloupe?
I caught a computer virus once. My thumbnails fell off...
2050's kids won't get this... Snow
What has 75 balls and screws old ladies? Bingo!
What's a dog's favorite chip? Ruffles :)
What car does Boba Fett drive? A ManDeLorean.
A joke about mods [deleted]
Ever see the movie human centipede? That movie sucks ass.
What's the worst thing about alcoholics? They wine too much.
What do you call a Phillipino contortions? A manilla folder
Don't ever go camping. That shit's intense.
What's Ja Rule's favorite type of bread? Challah!
Ever tried eating a clock? It's time consuming.
What's a snake's favourite food ? Hiss Cakes !
what do you call a french kebab? a body bag.
How do small people call each other? On microphones.
What is a Pokemon's favorite kind of nut? A Pi-cashew
Gentrification tends to happen during autumn Because the brown leaves.
What's a lesbian's favorite game? rock-paper-scissor
I'm still waiting for my knight in shining sarcasm.
"I found my charger!!" - a love story
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexics Association.
Wanna hear a joke? Western Feminism.
http://loolzpedia.blogspot.com/2014/08/oxygen.html Oxygen Is Important
You know what really makes me smile? Fascial muscles.
"You're a joulepersecond!" "Wat?" "Exactly."
My girlfriend is from another Nation. ImagiNATION
How does Stephen Hawking commit suicide? Alt-F4
What do you do in a master bathroom? Masterbathe.
My 'home to pants off' speed ratio is unparalleled.
What's big, huge and hairy? A Goliath bird eating tarantula.
What is Bear Grylls' favourite vegetable? Leek.
Pull my finger Pffft
Hey, which Instagram filter takes out all the insecurities?
Why did Gigi leave the party angrily? Because she's Hadid.
What are pupils at ghost schools called?  Ghoulboys and ghoulgirls.
Rihanna. Sorry, I put the punch line in the tittle.
F Scott Fitzgerald ...and F the Great Gatsby as well.
Polio walks into a bar and no one walks out.
What do you call 69-ing in China? Tu Can Chu
House is clean. Time to sell the children and move.
What's black and doesn't work? Half of London
Who's the most famous jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
I'd say at least 10% of parenting is smelling stuff.
95% of parenting is using your sock as a mop.
What will ISIS be called once it is destroyed? WasWas
Only France would name a city "to lose."
Why was the pig in the kitchen? It was bacon.
I know how the Force Awakens ends! Credits.
What do you call a Sandwich with legs? Bready Legs
Never marry a tennis player Love means nothing to them
The problem in general terms is that people suck.
Here's one for you...! 1
Haha I made you click GOT YA
What's Jared's favorite side dish? Megan slaw
In what direction do five gay guys walk?
My Egyptian friend's dad drowned yesterday... He's still in denial.
How did the swordsman annoy r/jokes? He feinted. (Sorry)
What was Helen Keller's favorite color? Velcro.
The four states of matter: Solid Liquid Gas Black
Why should you never trust atoms? They make up everything.
What's worse than lime? Sublime.
What does Batman put in his drink? Just ice
3 Mods walk into a bar [deleted]
I can be up bright or early. Pick one.
What shoes do roosters wear? Chickenstocks
Have you heard the watermelon joke? You have now! ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^I'msosorry
I like my girls like my nails Hammered
Well, that escalated quickly! http://imgur.com/Sjrxt6L
Yawning is your body's way of saying 20% battery left
I got one for you guys... Donald Trump
The Canadian Army
I hate Masseuses They're always talking behind my back
What is a missionary's favorite car a convertible
What emotion does a tree feel every spring? Relief
Thanks to Twitter I can tell people I read.
ELI5: Women
No Sopa... Radio?
Jokes are like food... Not everyone gets it.
What's a redneck's favorite dating website? Ancestry.com
Psychic fellatio It'll blow your mind
a dyslexic man walks into a bra
What's an incestuous mother's favourite drink? Sonny-D
What did the chinese pirate say? Awwlllll!
Your momma so dirty she serves more requests than HTTP
Spell anaesthetize! Harry was sad when reddit was unaffected.
Why does Piglett smell nasty? He plays with Pooh.
On Mondays, Zombies feel alive inside.
Why didn't the chicken cross the road? It chickened out
Today I bought cupcakes without sprinkles. Diets are hard.
What's a moo hoo for grazing school? Grass class!
What famous chiropodist ruled England ? William the Corn-cutter!
Why are condoms like cameras? -they both capture the moment.
Bad luck, Atheists named Christian.
Why did Mickey leave Minnie? Because she was fucking goofy.
What do you call an unidentifiable eating disorder? An a-nom-aly
I've started going to AA (Illiterates Anonymous)
I have sex daily. I mean dyslexia!
waldo at the gym can't none of y'all spot me
What's a pirate's favourite letter? P, without it he's irate.
Are Ginger Ale made from real gingers? Said Cartman.
Why is religion like mobile gaming? Free-to-pray, pray-to-win.
Recently had a cat-scan. They didn't find any cats.
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear? White vans
What do cats eat for breakfast? Mice Krispies.
Guys don't forget, tomorrow is Chinese Aviation Day! AKA Fly-Day
Well this beer isn't going to throw itself up.
What is an orphans favorite beer? Fosters
Where do people from Laos like to swim? In Laotian.
A Janitor starts up his car. "Broom broom"
I heard reincarnation... ...is making a comeback.
What's worse than losing one arm? Losing both your arms.
What do you call a flightless bird? Joaquin Phoenix.
What do you call gungan served raw? Tartare Binks...
What is every Redditor's blood type? Edit: TypO
NASA confirms, life found on mars.
World's shortest joke Your penis
What do you call nudes from the 90s hot mail
Thanksgiving Prank - Pregnant Turkey http://tjmix.net/index.php/videos?task=latest&amp;id=557&amp;sl=latest&amp;layout=simple
Tried to catch fog yesterday... Mist.
Copyright In India, copyright means the right to copy.
Definition of clickbait
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? Wipe.
Nice try Asian guy in porns.
I, for one, like Roman numerals.
What kind of water do ducks drink? Bottled Waddle.
What is the German word for Constipation? Farfrompoopen.
Which Asians have the softest skin? Laotians
What's fourteen inches and white? Nothing.
Trump vs. Kanye 2020 Yeah. Fuck it, why not.
What's the Priest favorite breakfast? Kids.
What's Santa's favourite Chinese dish Beef Ho Fun
Batman walks into a bar... ...Followed by 24 Sodium atoms.
I love dry erase boards... They're remarkable.
A joke about procrastination. Eh, I'll write it later.
What's Mario's favourite clothing? Denim denim denim
What do you call a fat skeleton? big boned
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? Klondike
I don't see what people get from... Dark humor!
What does a beer say when it's cold? Buuuurrrrrr!!!
With a calendar, your days are numbered.
What are Mario's overalls made out of? *Denim, Denim, Denim*
What's a Cholo's favorite Chinese food dish? Chicken chow meng.
Ted Cruz just looks like a... Saturday Night Live Skit
I thought of something funnier than 24 25
Kudos to NPH for keeping it brief. #Oscars
There is no "we" in pizza
What does a grumpy sheep say at Christmas? ...Baaaaaahumbug
What kind of parents are see-through? Transparence!
I got 99 problems but I'm avoiding them all.
Orange Jews 100% Concentrated.
Did anyone ever find out who let the dogs out?
How does Craig Venter drink beer? Shotgun method
What's an avocado's favorite music? Guac N' Roll
Old musicians don't die. They just decompose.
Why is Santa's sack so big? Testicular cancer
Perhaps one day he'll meet his Girl Fieri.
What has 4 wheels and flies? A garbage truck
So Stephen Hawking walked into a bar Just kidding
Funniest joke ever Your dick is big
What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? Comet.
Nice job person who came up with bread.
What do you call memories of old Playstation? Sony-stalgia
Women's Rights.
Reddit right now http://imgur.com/hcmqCjU
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're CuTe
I was suppose to write a sodium joke... But Na
WHAT is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WAH TAHH!!!!
Is a rivalry between two vegetarians still called a "beef?"
It all The title says it all
Velcro sanitary towels... They're a bloody rip off
I read a book about frogs today... It was ribbeting.
You know what's really odd? Numbers not divisible by 2
Dance like you're not the father
Should I take something for my kleptomania??
3 guys walk into a bar The 4th one ducks.
What's the matter? Hydrogen, mostly.
You're so empty inside....nnn....stupid fridge.
Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
Women that say size doesn't matter are just? Shallow
What is a cation afraid of? A dogion
Your body is a temple. Congrats on the expanding congregation!
Women's history isn't a month.... It's only 28 days.... Period.
Kill him, he's different! -History
What's the highest story of any building? Floor 20
What is a female peacock? A peacunt
Donald Trump for President.
Chicken Pot Pie My three favorite things.
What country has the strictest dress code? Thai-land.
How do you excite an idiot? I'll tell you later.
What is the ghost of an Australians favourite dessert? Boo-meringue
Why did r/TwoXChromosomes flood? The dyke broke.
What's a Democrat's favorite genre of music? Progressive rock.
What is Jar Jar Binks' favorite food? Meesa Soup
What kind of shoes do pedophiles like? White Vans
Take my advice  I'm not using it.
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation? Discrimination.
Call me Christopher Columbus, Because I'm coming to get India.
Just bought some 007 Viagra It makes you rodger more
Twitter is just LinkedIn for the chronically unemployed.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
Where do cat astronauts go? Meowterspace
I got a 0 on my computers test. a 01000001
What kind of shark is always drunk? A hammeredhead
What is the internal temperature of a Tauntaun? Lukewarm.
What is Saturn's favorite movie? Lord of the Rings.
Popsicle sticks are depressing.
Whats red and smells like blue paint? Red paint
What do you call a robotic priest? The Sermonator.
What does 007 wear on his head? A Bondana.
Giving co-workers the silent treatment by sending them blank emails.
What's the most positive thing about Africa? HIV
beluga whales singing and one that cant sing lol http://youtu.be/UlJ5GhYzHIY
Why do black guy's eyes get red after sex. mace
9/10 people actually enjoy a group rape
Getting paid to sleep... That's my dream job.
Q: What's a cat's second favorite food? - A: Spa-catti!
What popular board game do dyslexics hate? Scramble
Why did the bike fall over? It was "two" tired.
How come Landscapers have huge loads? They are always edging.
What did the vegan give the homeless guy? A lecture.
Chuck Norris tries this at home.
In English there's a word for fucking everything. It's 'pansexual'
I'm starting an Atheist corporation... it's a non-prophet organization.
What idiot named them nostrils instead of scent vents?!
What do California zombies eat? Graaaiiins.
what do you call a sad tree? Mourning wood
What is Peter Pan's favorite place to eat? Wendy's
So many pants. So little yoga.
How do Asians see the world? In widescreen.
"You'll never see him coming!" - Quote by Stevie Wonder
Is it solipsistic in here... Or is it just me?
The American stock market is a bear BULL shit
What's the only disease a potato can get? tuber-culosis
What do you call a hippy's wife? Mississippi.
The emperor's new joke
What came first, the chicken or the egg? The rooster
Who ate a lot and conquered Rome? Atilla the Hungry.
An 89 is just a 69 with a fat chick.
The list of Republican Presidential Candidates.
Which is the worst hand to lose? The second one.
Why does snoop dog carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle.
How much does freedom weigh? A WashingTon.
What kind of cologne applies itself? Elon Musk
What do frogs say? Times fun when you're having flies
Afraid to die alone... ...become a bus driver!
I'll stop at nothing to avoid using negative numbers.
I'll be remembering Pearl Harbor by getting bombed this evening.
Asian Jokes are just wong
What's the difference between France and Texas. About ten people.
What do you call a sad elk? Lachry-moose
Which country's capital apologises for its religion? Islamabad.
What do you call a Russian with three testicles? Whodyounickabollockoff
Why do men scratch their balls? Because they are test-itch-els!
Don't trust an atom... They make up everything.
I've finally finished my fresh herb cookbook It's about thyme
What has 9 arms and 10 legs? A Def Leppard.
My card got declined buying toilet paper shit.
I masturbate with soap... Just thought I'd come clean.
What kind of music do rabbits listen to? HIP HOP
What is the plural of manatee? Menatee
Plot twist: "Luke, I am your Mother." - Yoda
My blood type is coffee.
Just ate my toothbrush to clean those hard-to-reach places.
Cats are great for testing because they have 9 lives.
What cheese is made backwards? Edam.
What do you call an undulating pig? Swinusoidal.
What makes men cheat on women? Women!
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves? Christopher Walken
Why did the guy gay go to prison? For HOMO-cide.
An octopus should have eightacles, not ten.
I like my coffe like I like my slaves Free.
How to leave someone on the edge of their seat:
Why is yogurt always in debt? Because it's Greek.
Fun with wife A man has fun with his wife.......
How do you make an ant huge Add "eleph"
Mormon cats have 9 wives.
Father's day, the most confusing day in the ghetto.
When do you ground an astronaut? When they're astronauty.
Why did the lesbian cross the street? She was emo.
I made a joke at the US-Mexico border jajajajajajahahahaha
How did Mace die? He was thrown out the Windu.
is Quentin Tarantino directing 2016?
Horror Stories by R. U. Scared
What's brown and sticky? The contents of my pants.
OOO! XOX. XXX!! - Reviews for "TicTacToe, The Movie"
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
What do you call Squidward's Protest Group in Mexico? Counter-Esp*i*on*a*ge
What's in an STD salad? green pees
Orion's Belt? A Waist of Space.
Two silkworms have a race..... .....it ended in a tie!
Hiphop cereal idea: Ludacrisp
What do you call a Gay Dictator? A bendy ruler.
Why'd the Mexican throw his wife off a cliff? Tequila
Why did the chicken cross the road? Black lives matter.
Windows Phone
I am the best at avoiding competition.
What did the salad say before being eaten Lettuce go.
What do you call a woman with an opinion? Wrong.
Solving the Mystery by Ivor Clew
Sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium BATMAN!
Karma whoring is bad. Upvote if you agree.
This coffee tastes like a Kenny G album.
What do you call a Filipino Contortionist? A Manila folder.
What was the stressed out toddler diagnosed with? Diapertension
what is a painfully loud color? YELLOW!!
How did people charge their phones before electricity? They didn't...!
A man walks into a bar... Ouch....
I have a super hero joke Fantastic four
Maybe if I swallow enough magnets I'll become attractive.
Where do geologists go for entertainment? *Rock concerts.*
What's an Israeli ghetto called? Palestine.
How do Itallian chefs swap emails? By spaghett-e-mail!
Are your parents Laptop memory? Cause you are SO DIMM.
Where are otters from? Otter space!
Why does waldo wear stripes? So he isn't spotted.
For Sale Russian dolls - buy one get six free.
what do you call a lazy kangaroo? a pouch potato
10 ways to stop Procrastinating 1.
Lyrics in modern hip hop are so bad..
I'm considering going vegan because the steaks are too high
Is your refrigerator running?
What's a dead baby's favorite holiday beverage? Infanticider.
I'm scared of french pancakes They give me the crepes
no thanks La-Z-Boy. I like my furniture gender neutral
Why are jews always washing their hands? They're Germaphobes.
I can't stand pedophiles - Fucking immature assholes.
What do you call a sexist masseuse? A massage-ynist.
Why did the Dark Ages existed? Because there were 'nights.
Next OSX version announced!!! It will be called "El Chapo"
so a dyslexic man........ walks into a bra
"Oh my god, that's so offensive!"- Someone, about everything.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything.
What is Rick Grimes' favorite thing under the sea? CORALL!
Don't do suicide, kids! You'll kill yourself!
What do you call a virgin redneck? An orphan
What's an alcoholic's favorite type of beer? All of them
Notice in a hospital waiting room. "Thanks for being Patient.'
Twitter: where strangers will explain your joke back to you.
Teacher: Name two pronouns ? Pupil: Who ? me ?
Sometimes, eating road kill Can be a big moose steak
Three Mistakes Of My Life : WTF (Whatsapp Twitter Facebook)
What do you call a really cheesy thought? A quesaIDEA.
What did you get for your birthday?  Another year!
What 6 inches goes to your mouth? Toothbrush...you dirty bastard
Why reddit is a murderer. Because it killed me battery
What's a great dating app for pedophiles? Tindergarden
I care about how girls feel. The firmer the better.
Trees are really rude They're always throwing shade!
What has 9 arms and sucks? Fed Leapord.
What's invisible and smells like bananas? Monkey farts.
What idiot named it prozac instead of sadvil
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
What do mathematicians read for fun? conics
IS YOUR WEDDING GOING TO BE OPEN CASKET?
What did the lazy monk say? Namaste..right here
It's hotter than A Nazi oven in the summer.
What's the difference between a racist and a liberal? Gullibility
Greek cheese turns me on. It is a feta-ish.
Everyone on a flight is technically a flight attendant
Today is David Finchers birthday... WHATS IN THE BOX!?????
Wanna hear a joke? My bank account... :(
What is the capital of Greece? They have no capital.
What animal has bad memory and climbs mountains? A Forgoat.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering A Minor.
What is a Canadian's favorite board game? Sorry!
What's the difference between Barbara Walters and Oprah? Oprahs Black
I'm no gynecologist, but I'll take a look.
What do you call a guitarist without a girlfriend? Homeless.
What is a duck's favorite drug? Quack.
What was the old man in despair about? Nothing.
The bonus of simple origami is twofold.
Joke challenge What's the best mad scientist joke?
How many Women Priest are there? Nun.
The cure for premature ejaculation is coming soon.
What's today's date? 10-4 Good Buddy!
What language do eagles program in? [C#](https://np.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3tp03o/in_canada_we_have_some_nice_falcons/cx8608n)
What did the racist Pillsbury Doughboy say? White Flower
Donald Trump walks into a mexican resturant jk. he doesn't...
What do you call a mexican cyclops? Juan Eye.
"White Purr!" - Ku Klux Kat
May I have a quick word with you? Velocity
Brains are wonderful, I wish everyone had one.
What's a feminist's least favourite bread? Gender rolls
Where's the best place to apologise to someone? Surrey.
What's the currency in space? Starbucks
Why are black people tall? Because their knee grows.
Knock knock! "Who's there?" "L.A." "L.A. who?" "L.A. who Akbar!"
Are You From Boston? Because you're the bomb...
I'm so drunk I can speak fluent Ozzy Osbourne.
How do you start a powerful woman's movement? Laxatives.
Whats red and smells like blue paint? Red Paint
My sexlife
I know Victoria's secret She's hungry.
What does Speedy Gonzalez keep under his carpet? Underlay! Underlay!
Why did the man go fishing? Just for the halibut.
What do nosy peppers do? They get jalapeno business. :)
What do you call a gay Yeti A snow blower!
If Trump wins the election *Orange* is the new *Black*
I WON'T STAND FOR THIS IDIOCY! *sits* Ok, proceed.
How did the fruits get married? They Cantaeloped!
What did the fat cat go to prison for? Purrrjury
"BRB" - Hindu Gravestone
Where did king Tut go to masturbate? His Jerkophagus
Is it true that Martha Washington had wooden boobs?
What is a neckbeard's favorite color? M'genta
I just licked guacamole off my elbow. Yup.
Which side of a chicken has more feathers? The outside
What do mermaids wear to math class? An algae-bra!
What's the difference between purple and pink? Your grip!
Dear everyone reading this tweet, What's the future like?
TIFU by climbing into a German U-Boat Whoops. Wrong sub.
Everyone done keeping calm yet?
Where do bros go for spring break? Gainzville.
  . The joke does not translate.
nba joke The cavaliers without lebron...
What did the Frenchman say after 80? Blaze it.
Little to no thought was put into this status.
You pick up the phone: "Hello, this is the IRS.."
What's E.T short for He's got little legs.
What do you call bears with no ears? B
Flavor Flav is the bomb  \()/ 
Lesbians aren't that tough... In fact, they're all fucking pussies.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle
British jokes aren't funny anymore. They lack hEUmour.
You know what I heard? Sheep
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Tennish.
What's a stoners favorite marker? A Highlighter
Q: Who ruled France until he exploded? A: Napoleon Blownapart!
Always a housemaid, never a house.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite form of coordination? HAAAAANNNNND EEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEYYYYEEE
I for one, like Roman Numerals
Bawk to the Future #ChickenMovies
Stevie Wonder... I don't see what his problem is!
I am not schizophrenic doctor We're just fine......
What do you feed an invisible cat? Evaporated milk.
What has 75 balls and screws old ladies? Bingo
What makes Stevie wonder? What everything looks like.
This cashier was totally just checking me out, you guys.
what idiot called it a chicken instead of an eggplant
Why would anyone lie about liking big butts?
What kind of joke did the forgetful Redditor make?
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot
I baby-proofed my apartment but they keep getting in.
What do you call a Jawa's favourite magician? Houdini.
What's a Porn Star's favorite spell? Expecto Erection
My suspicious mole cancelled my appointment with a dermatologist.
Damn girl, are you Miley Cyrus? I fucking hate you.
Why were the Libyans eating money? They were having dinar.
Why can ducks fly so well? They're high on quack.
What do you call a morbidly obese hippy? Tie Dyeabetes
What's a 90's kid's favorite salad? Quinoa &amp; Kale
Apple Airpods A $159 game of hide and seek.
What's black and doesn't work? Half of London.
What does gay rooster say? Sev-sev-seveeeeen.
What do you call a wandering caveman? A meanderthal.
Colorado changed the name of Christmas to Juana. "Merry Juana!"
What does a pig use for his skin? Oinkment.
He who understands women, dies under mysterious circumstances...
I Used To Be Against Sodomy Butt fuck it!
My dad wears loosey-whities.
"No more self-deprecating tweets," I whisper fatly.
What do you call unborn twins? Wombmates.
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
What if the aliens were from Uranus..
How do you comfort a grammar fanatic? There, they're, their.
Reddit repost
How do Mexicans cut their pizzas? Little Caesers
Take me down to the paraphrase city. Where it's nice.
If I have to Russian again... Soviet.
What does Deadpool need? Someone to merc him shut up.
All is fair in drunk and war.
Cock... is a fowl word.
What do you call an incognito deer? An anonymoose
What do you call a flying bus? Bus Lightyear...
If Hillary wins the election, emails be like... [removed]
Why are fish only happy inside? They have in-door fins
What do teenage terrorists drink? Smirnoff ISIS
Apparently, playing dead only works on bears not ex boyfriends.
There's only one kind of humor in Africa... Dry humor.
Jack in the box ...is NOT an instruction.
Giant methane storms on Uranus Ex-post from r/science
Why was Pablo Escobar always falling asleep? He was **narco**leptic.
What language does a Jewish homosexual speak? Heblew
Why shouldn't you wear Russian underwear? Because Chernobyl fall-out.
What do you call a gay date mixer? A meat-and-greet.
Did you here about that original joke? Neither did I.
Conjunctivitis.com There's a site for sore eyes
A joke from the Future. *#58821*
What type of pussy does a priest get? nun
What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeno business.
What is a Jew's favorite Mexican food? Carne Masada
On which day do monsters eat people?  Chewsday.
What did the egg play in the movie? The egg-stra.
This Subreddit.
Immigrants are like sperm. Millions get in...only one works!
Why can't sluts count to seventy? 69 is a mouthful.
A tweet about the Titanic & speech impediments? Unthinkable.
Knock knock? Who's there? Dr Who. WHICH Dr Who?
Death metal fans are complaining abt all the noise. Irony.
Where do Pixar employees go for Happy Hour? CGI Friday's.
I lost my thumb in a serious movie rating accident.
I hate Nihilism ... It's meaningless!
Who writes ghost stories? A ghost writer.
What do you give a sick bird ? Tweetment !
What's Whitney Houston's favorite car? Hyuuuuuuundaaaaaiiiieeeiiii
What is a boxer's favorite meal? Break-fist
Curiosity killed the cat, and got your daughter pregnant.
Being a DJ is tough because sometimes iTunes won't open.
Boxed wine: Because corkscrews are dangerous after the second bottle.
How did the blond chip her tooth? With her vibrator
i'm like a biiiird / i wanna shit on cars
there's no attractive way to chase a ping pong ball
What's Tyrion Lannisters's favourite sea food? Shrimp.
A married couple are having sex...
What's the most common marriage proposal? You're what!
Why was Mr. Strawberry sad? He was in a Jam.
70% of writing is writ
What does no one want but will always take Refugees
why don't lions like clowns? they taste funny
What genre consists of erotic novels? Cliterature
What is long, black and smelly? The unemployment line.
I hate toilets... They're so shitty.
What do I know about dwarves? Very little.
Superman: Who's gonna be Batman? *leaves Earth*
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Mega-saur-ass
You don't know... ...until you find out!
I'm totally hooked on masturbation! It's a dick thing..
A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.
Hi, my name is Typo! It's spelled 'Tpyo'.
He died doing what he loved, surprising tigers.
What's blue and doesn't fit anymore? A dead epileptic.
What's white and can't climb trees? A Refrigerator
So my pen died today... Unfortunately, it was decapitated.
She was Hannah Montana when Bush was president. Thanks, Obama.
I'm more confused than a homeless person on house arrest.
What's in cider? I'm in cider!
What does a skeleton orders at a restaurant? Spare ribs.
Why did Simba's father die? He couldn't Move Fasa
Whats pink and smells like salmon? trout
What's the powerful weapon in Greenland's arsenal? The Nuuklear Bomb
What does 80 year old pussy taste like? Depends
I see dead people.
Whats a Himalayan's favourite body part? a Nepal.....
What is loud and sounds like "apple"? (scream) APPLE!!!
"Who am I kidding?" - blind comedians
IPHONES... When I wants to talks to someones.
What is a cat's favorite breakfast? Mice crispies.
Peter Dinklage is a Star! He is a White Dwarf.
What gun would Jesus outlaw first? A nail gun
How do you make a hormone? ... Don't pay her.
Womens Rights
What's a cops favorite TV show? Justified
Why was Ed single? Because Sheeran away.
What do you call an old snowman? Water.
Q: I'm hungry. A: Nice to meet you, Hungry!
Neon bumped into helium. There was no reaction.
"Premature ejaculation man I NEED HELP!!" I'M COMING!
Two musicians and a drummer walk into a bar...
Don't worry honey, they call it my dual-channel RAM.
When's sex not work? When it's for play.
What soft drink did Hitler ban during WWII? Mountain Jew.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Doesn't matter kek
A political joke for Americans I'm voting for hillary
Somebody told me I'm horrible with names.
One of the funniest jokes on reddit. /r/atheism
"Ninja please" -Japanese people
Someone called me lazy today, I almost replied
What's Paul Walker's favorite drink? Fireball
God loves me but I'm not looking for anything serious.
The guy who discovered boomerangs must have been terrified
In what month are Rabbis dishonest? Jew-lie
how sodomy started........ a good friend &amp; an itchy butthole.
sex while camping? Now that's fucking in tents.
What is Peter Pan on death row? A frying Pan
Why can't ghosts have babies? They have hollow weenies!
Every girl on Tumblr smells like Chapstick and cats.
what the hell does my dog have to sigh about
A double entendre walks into a bar...
ELI5: What does ELI5 mean?
So Stub Hub isn't a dating site for quadriplegics?
Turn off autocorrect? Challinje aceptid.
Why do Hummingbirds hum Because they forgot the words!
The cannabis industry... It's a growing market.
If Trump becomes president... there'll be hell toupee
Bigamy is having too many wives But so is monogamy.
Wanna know what makes me smile? Face muscles
How does Kylo Ren spend Father's Day? Solo.
What would you hear at a cow concert?  Moo-sic!
What do you call a communist sniper Marxman
Hey girl, I'm an Aries... Wanna get rammed?
Not a joke; what your favourite one-liner/wordplay joke?
Donald Trump.
Want a couple of pointers in life? 0x8130 and 0x8134
Which video game would Adolf Hitler play? Mein Kraft
Q: What's a cat's favorite food? - A:  Petatoes!
What is Forrest Gump's password? 1Forrest1
What is a Mexican bodybuilder's favorite supplement? Guey protein.
ELI101: How do people not get binary?
I could never become a vetanarian. That job takes balls!
What is Son Goku's least liked food? Vegetta balls
What's the safest font? Helmetica.
What do you call white grand parents? Graham-crackers... "wokka wokka"
How Long is a Chinese name. No, really, it is!
Where did Little Johnny go when the bombs dropped? Everywhere.
Why was the communist arrested? He was caught red handed.
Down with the metric system No more foreign rulers!
What you call a crocodile covered with tortillas? A tacodile
Simba was moving slow So I told him to mufasa.
Why didn't Hitler talk to Jews? He had Auschwitzim
Which came first, the chicken or the egg? The rooster.
Why couldn't Handel play his harpsichord? Because it was baroquen.
Why don't aliens eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
What's a a magician's favorite kind of coffee? 100% abracadabra
How do you count cows? With a cowculator
Sexy subjunctives... ... give you would.
What Central American country has the most spooks? Ghosta Rica!
What do you call a group of Ocelot? An Awful-lot.
What is the Cuban national anthem?  ''Row Your Boat!''
What's a monsters favorite desert? I-Scream!
I was addicted to porn... ...but then I beat it.
If you drink enough, your brain starts photo-shopping people.
Wanna hear a joke about eye fluid? It's vitreous humor.
LIFE is just a game of Monopoly and RISK.
What do you call a Satanist dancer? A ba'al-erina.
Putin's message to tourists: Visit Istanbul While he still exists...
What do lawyers do after they die? They lie still.
why cant Ray Charles see his friends?? Because he's married.
How do you censor real life hentai? Pubes
"I'm tired." - Beat Cop
If Han Solo were Mexican... We'd have Juan Solo
How did little Hitler tie his shoes? With little Nazis.
/r/badplumbing is leaking
I go to strip clubs for the music.
The one thing that I excel at... is spreadsheets.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Alickalotopuss
What do you call a lame horse? Elmer
A man walks into a bar and says ow
...Maybe it should be called 'Dancing Without The Stars.'
Are your parents bakers? Cause youre inbread.
What's a Lumberjack's favorite drink? A lager
Interesting how the ads on Youtube never have trouble buffering
Damn girl are you a Nirvana album because...nevermind.
How do you say goodbye to an epileptic? Seizure later
I just made up a new word Plagiarism.
I met a geologist the other day He seemed gneiss.
They say cow manure come from males. But that's bullshit.
What comes in pints? elephants
if you open Door.jar, is the door still ajar?
What kind of bees make milk? Boo-bees.
Knock Knock Who's there? Hatch. Hatch who? Bless you.
Roses are grey, violets are grey. I'm a dog.
Condescending Joke You
Where did Sally go during the explosion? Everywhere! source: https://twitter.com/AntiJokes_Kapil
What do you call Trump's barber? Orange peeler
Kills Two mosquitoes with spray. *writes DEADLY ASSASSIN in bio*
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother
The boiled water died It shall be mist
What type of pants does Mario wear? denim denim denim
She can't wrestle... But I'd love to see her box.
My Life. It said "Submit a Joke."
What do you call a jewish eskimo? A kike!
What is your best North Korea joke?
When is a one not one? When it's too
Girl, you look like trash. Can I take you out?
Twitter's original name was "Sentence Contest"
I'm only good for two things... Self-defecating and self-deprecating.
Batman Begins Crossdressing #AddAWordRuinAMovie
What's brown and sticky? A twig.
Let the Trucker Sleep
What happened when Hamlet discovered his love dead? Necro-Ophelia
What do you get the man who has everything? Antibiotics
Where do pirates go in the summer? In ARRgentina.
what's invisible and smells like carrots? rabbit farts
What has 16 legs and speaks german? Doppelspider
What is cat's favourite tea? Kit-tea
How did Hitler tie his shoelaces? In cute little knotsies!
What's the most sought after ball in Biopsy Bingo? B9
Niagara Falls Viagra lifts!
My dicks only 3 inches...... But smells like a foot
Want to hear something funny? Women's Rights.
What does r/The_Donald call its rule list? The MAGA Carta
The thought of Aortic Dissection just tears me up inside.
I like my whiteboards like I like my women... Remarkable.
Black people! Guns! Police officers.
"Pray, love, eat." -- A mantis
What do you call a gay anemic? homo-goblin
Mean Insults, Good Comebacks, Insulting Quotes - Itchyflight.com http://www.itchyflight.com/mean-insults-and-comebacks-good.html
Women: Can't live with 'em... ...Can't live with 'em.
[god creating jellyfish] how bout an evil bag
what do you call gay paramedics? First-AIDS
Twitter is the world's largest voluntary police lineup.
Noel, Noel. Noel, Noel. Born is the king of isrea.
American Politics That's it, that's the joke
What's a Rastafarian's favorite Star Wars character? Jah Jah Binks
Where do Dutch sheep go at night? TO SHLEEP! :D
What do you call a cold homie? A chilly dog.
Do these Daisy Dukes make my trash look White?
What type of pants do Japanese people wear? Nihon-jeans (Nihon-jin)
How Long is a Chinese name. It's not a question.
Where did the hipster drown? In the mainstream
Why can't Edward leave Russia? He's Snowden.
How do shellfish get high? At a clam bake
My middle finger will be answering all questions today!
*feels comfortable* comfortable: *slaps hand away*
What is Pitbull's first name Featuring
I hate cereal killers they go against the grain
Sometimes peeing feels better than sex. It lasts longer too.
Ran out of Manila envelops. Off to the Philippines.
When I'm not anxious I'm anxious about it.
What's the hardest part of burning a church? My dick.
What is a hamburger's favourite story? Hansel and Gristle!
I am a woman, hear my eyes roll.
What do you call an amorous insect? The love bug.
what's the opposite of a Mexican? a Mexican't
The acting in Gilmore Girls
What's Nu? Frequency.
What do you call Ralph Nader's alter ego? His alter-nader
Who is a bee's favourite painter ? Pablo Beecasso !
What did the Minotaur order at Starbucks? Half calf
I put my pants on like everybody else. Grudgingly.
What's Autocorrect's blood type? typo negative
Inception *A van falls into a river* (Duration: 148 minutes)
What do you call cheap circumcision? A ripoff.
How do skunks like their e-mails? Scent.
What did Hitler eat for breakfast? Luftwaffes
Quickest way to get over someone? 4 wheel drive
Statistically 6 out of 7 Dwarfs are not Happy.
Some of the best things in life...are mistakes.
It's me Goan Goan who?...... Goan fuck yourself
This day needs cyanide.
Why are white girls odd? Because they can't even!
What's a Jawa's favorite kind of pasta? Rotini!
What do you call a West African cricketer? He Bowler
REACT [removed]
I'm no sadist. Some of my best friends are sad.
Fuck a horse.... Enjoy a stable relationship
What do you call a fake thong (flipflop)? A scandal!
My spirit animal just ran into a glass door.
Relationship status: The pizza is late and I'm worried
Break-Ups How do functions Break-Up? They stop calling each other.
My wife gets scared easily... She's got no balls.
Every letter likes Jews... but not-Z
What kind of drugs to frogs take? methamphibians.
Why do people live soda? Because it's sodalicious.
Hooters is starting a home delivery service. It's called Knockers.
What's the difference between everybody and bullets? Everybody misses Harambe.
What's the difference between Males and Females? An iron.
Curiosity killed the..... Martian race
Does anyone need an ark? I noah guy!
A guy walks into a bar. ouch!
RIP Dense Water Vapour. You will be mist ;(
Whatever you do, always give 100% Unless you're donating blood
What dog always gets on everyone's nerves? A great pane!
I hate jokes about German sausage.. They're the wurst
Warning: 18+ [link!](http://imgur.com/dkKxyoa)
A really hot girl walks into a bar... brb
Mitt Romney .
Which state smells the worst? The Prostate
What do you call a German virgin? Guttentight.
Who delievers cat's Christmas presents ? Santa Paws !
HOH HOH HOH It's a wet joke
Lingerie is just expensive wrapping paper.
What is a pessimists blood type? B-negative.
A bird can fly... But a fly can't bird.
Why do wallets make so much noise? Because money talks.
"Impeccable" sounds like a general immunity to crow attacks...
Read more Aardvark jokes
What do you call a communnist sniper? A Marxman
If at first you don't succeed... So much for skydiving.
What is a Down Syndrome kid's favorite number? 321
I just saw a squirrel pooping. That shit was nuts.
What idiot called him Steve Jobs instead of Mac Daddy
Every 60 Seconds in Africa.... a minute passes
How do you cure depression? A gun.
why did the tomato cross the road? to become ketchup
What's the saddest computer you can buy? A Dell
What is 007's fetish? Bondage...
What religion does a drinking feline believe? Cat-holic
How does Hillary Clinton say goodbye? "Seizure later!"
My sister's husband overdosed on Viagra... she took it hard.
What's brown and sticky? A stick!
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can't rappers take holidays? They always forget Tupac.
Mitch Hedberg used to do drugs
Oral makes my day, but anal makes my hole weak!
Two peanuts were walking down the road... One was assaulted
I celebrate 4/20 On 1/5 Simplify your fractions!
what vegetable really likes to party? turn-up
Wanna impress me iTunes? Let me download a motherfucking pizza.
What is a Cell? something you keep black people in
"Hey girl are you from Europe?" "cause europiece of shit"
I tried to catch fog today I mist
What's the best name for a cigarette company? TOBA Co
What do you call 2 doctors walking together? Pair-o-Medics
Where do stoner cars store their weed? In potholes.
Where do blind people got to get their college degrees?
What do you call someone who worships testicles? Sacrilegious.
What type of grain uses profanity? Vulgar Wheat
[in hip-hop voice] uh
Jurassic Park- making you afraid of vibrating water since '93.
What's black and smells like Shiraz? Tyrone Lannister
I'm tired.... I hear there is a nap for that.
Repeat after me: President Trump.
Relationship goals: A relationship
How do you get your girlfriend to fart? Pull out
Vote for trump Orange is the new black
Your're a redneck if...
It's only TMI if you're ugly.
Constipation: Same shit, different day.
I bet the government is behind all these conspiracy theories.
When is the best time to play racquet sports? Ten-ish.
Before NASA sent Curiosity, Mars was bustling with cats.
What is another word for a rap battle? Black-on-black rhyme
What is the center of a gay apple's life? Decor.
What does a Chinese cow say? [Governess](https://translate.google.com/m/translate#en/zh-CN/Governess)
How did Harry Potter cross the road? Walking Jk rolling
With great power comes great electricity bill.
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist Pokemon
Describe your sex life with a video-game title. Uncharted.
Very dirty joke [NSFW] A pig falls in the mud.
What language does gay Jesus speak? Heblew
What version of Counter-Strike do feminists get? Counter-Feminist: Globally Offended
Why does NASA drink sprite? Because they couldn't get 7up
What cereal was removed from Tim Cook's breakfast? Apple Jacks
I'm an apathetic druggie. I'm always high on crystal meh.
I'm a virgin by choice just not my choice.
Chuck Norris can cook minute rice in 20 seconds.
Crime in multi-storey car parks. Wrong on so many levels.
James May... James might...
How do you make a nun pregnant? You fuck her.
I ate so many chickpeas... I falafel!
Words cannot describe your beauty... But numbers can. 4/10.
Chuck Norris checks his facebook on a typewriter.
Where are average things built? In a satisfactory
Trail mix? You mean M&M's with obstacles.
Smoking 1: What Cures Smoking 2: Cancer
My girlfriend finished all my french fries... I couldn't KETCHUP.
What is Bing's most searched word ? Chrome
I work out So my relationships dont have to
What is brown and rhymes with "snoop"? Dr.Dre
I double majored in TV and burritos.
What do you call a lesbian with long fingernails? Single.
How do Mexicans cut their pizzas? With Little Caesars
Why is yellow afraid of red? Because red blue green.
The first rule of laziness is
What is an injured persons favorite movie? Cast Away
How do you titillate an ocelot? You oscillate its tit-alot
is Kristen Stewart a Vulcan
Jokes What do you call a Mexican in a car
My period is late .
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass
Knock Knock ...who's there? Smell mop Smell mop who?
What do you call an edible ion? An onion
Why did the condom fly away? It got pissed off.
The Biggest Joke Ever Team Fortress 2 competitive matchmaking.
What is Beethoven's favourite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NA BA-NA-NA-NA
I'm half black... Bottom half
What's grey and comes in quarts? An elephant
Don't move leaves without their permission... That's rake.
I have an ear infection. It's called hearing AIDs.
What do dirty fish read? Prawno Magazines!
She is not my reword, I am her punishment.
What does a soviet call someone with good vision? Glasnots.
What "bus" crossed the ocean? Columbus.
BREAKING: John Terry spotted changing into his full German kit.
Now then - what's an oxymoron?
What's the best part of a baker's body? Their buns.
What was the name of Gorilla's girlfriend Go-rilla
Knock Knock Who's there? Allah Allah who? Allahu Ackbar! /r/unexpectedjihad
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? No? Neither have they.
Knock Knock.. Who's there? Doctor. Doctor Who? Yes.
What were Tarzan's last words? WHO GREASED THE VIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNEEEE.
What kind of shoes do therapists wear? Issues.
Titanic II: Jack Survives
What do astronauts eat for dinner? Launch meat.
I've never met a weekend that I didn't like.
What was the bridge player's political view? No-trump!
If life gives you melons... ...you may be dyslexic.
I've got Alzheimer's ....but atleast I don't have Alzheimer's.
Which day is the most agreeable? Yesterday
What does it take to be a president? Nothing
Why was the floppy disk self-conscious? Because it was FAT.
The Artist Formally Known As... Alive.
I'm not crying. I'm just watering my moustache.
What do people with two left feet wear? Flip flips
What's white, blue , and red all over? REDdit.
Why are dragons so tired? Because they fight knights!
Incest... A game the whole family can play!
League of Legends Solo Queue
What do you call a watermelon in California? A melon
Remember that time Hitler had a juice cleanse?
What do you call a man-eating tiger? A tiger.
What does a terrorist in Antarctica say? Allahu Akburrrrrr
Establish dominance. Never let a dog lick you first
I feed my cat lemons. He's a real sour puss.
How would you describe frankenstein's birth? Shocking!
Did you guys hear about gay 9/11? Never faget.
What do Russians call their barbers? Combrade
Throwing acid is wrong, in some people's eyes.
Which band does rockclimbers listen to ? Rolling Stones
How does a gay guy remove a condom? He farts
What do you call an important Australian? A significunt
Never date an apostrophe... they can be possessive.
What do you call a migrant in space? illegal alien
If a quiz is quizzical what is a test?
What do you call a Greek Magician? Abra Kebabra
A baby seal walks into a club... ...
George Bush
Lifetime TV. For women whose own lives aren't depressing enough.
What type of tea is hard to swallow? Reality
I like my slaves like I like my coffee. Free.
AMA Request: Adolf Hitler
Hitler was not very athletic. He never finished a race.
Hills have eyes... They also have "L"s
What's blue and doesn't fit? A dead epileptic
What's the rudest type of Elf? The GofuckyoursELF
What do you call a psychic on /b/? A 4Chan-Teller
What's Dee Barnes favourite headphones? Beats by Dre
Ask me about my vow of silence.
Remember folks, beauty... Is only a light switch away.
If you're gay in the Muslim world you are fucked..
What ten letter word starts with g-a-s? Automobile.
In mother Russia..... .... Joke is you.
Why can't motorcycles go faster? They're two tired.
Why couldn't the man leave Moscow? He was Snowden.
There's something about pressing F5... Thats just so refreshing
Who will stop Donald Trump? The First Amendment people.
I like my coffee how I like my slaves Free
What do you get when you burn down Woolworths? Coles.
Where do hamsters come from ? Hamsterdam !
Which Pokemon got a cold? Pik-a-choo.
What's pink and fluffy? Pink fluff.
"Girls love illegible texts at 3:00am. Trust me." -Alcohol
Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked if he wanted to upgrade.....
What do you call a stoned pig? Baked Ham
"Bigotry" -an Italian guy describing an oak
What's in Poison Ivy's underpants? Tulips.
How do you disappoint a pack of redditors? [removed]
Girlfriends are expensive but so is my drug habit.
When I call you Hun, it's short for Atilla.
Did you hear about the middle eastern clowns? ISIS
What's the difference between Snowmen and Snowwomen? Snow balls!
Have you been on /r/bigdickproblems ? Of course you haven't.
(During sex) Pull my hair! No! Just the grey ones.
Love is overrated it's only 5 pts in Scrabble.
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves? *Christopher Walken*
If you are scared of pedophiles Grow up.
Everyone's awkward shines a little brighter on an elevator.
Why was the baby Honeydew sad? Because it was Meloncholic
I can smell shit, but I can't find it.
How Long is a Chinese guy.
All the good Liam Neeson jokes are Taken.
Thanks, Santa! I totally wanted a hangover!
As a non-english native redditor ... Edit: grammer
How do you make a 90's kid mad? The game.
Why was the guitar teach arrested? For fingering a minor.
The Bible is %100 accurate Especially at close range
"Let me get them digits." - creepy accountant
Turns out buying that meth lab on craigslist was illegal
"Good luck with your little skits!" -Shakespeare's mom.
[AMA request] A person living in an electricity-free Amish community.
Reddit is like my ideal woman with double D's
People tell me I have ADHD Wanna ride bikes?
Some pretzels are totally weird... They're knot for eating.
Why kind of motorcycles do cows ride? Mooooootorcycles!
I go for chubby girls because they can't run away
What's cold and comes in April? Her dad.
What does a dyslexic zombie eat? Brians.
Coldplay is like depression you can hear.
What do you call a magic door? Dumbledoor!
What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones.
What's Green and Smells like Pork? Kermit's Finger
Why was Yoda afraid of 7? Because 6 7 8.
When does a pear become a pair? When one appears.
What is this 'wrong hole' you people speak of?
What is a mushrooms favorite type of music? Hyphae
I got lost.. Walking around your fat mother
I got lit with my Tibetan friend once Once.
What's the oldest trick in the book? The first one.
Shout out to hotel maids changing sheets on February 15th.
What doesn't kill you isn't earning the money I paid.
What do you call a fast zombie? A zoombie.
Ask me if I'm an orange. No.
bae is acting so cute and imaginary tonight
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080-Pee
If an ant smells bad, what is it called? De-Oder-Ant
Which operetta make the Gorilla crack up? Nutty Marietta!
What did the necrophiliac have at the funeral Mourning wood
My girlfriend stole my vintage adding machine That calculating bitch.
A blonde decided to go to grad school
I like my sex like I like my math Discrete
What's a pirate's favorite rapper? Kendrick Lamarrghhhh
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite dice game? Benghahtzee.
Improve your memory by doing unforgettable things.
What do you call a peeping Tom cat? A Purrr-vert.
I have sex daily I mean dyslexia. Fuck.
What's 18 inches and makes women SCREAM? A stillborn.
What can you catch from ear fucking? Hearing AIDS
Art: Stop it. Life: *mockingly* Stopp iiit.
What happened when the cheese factory exploded? Debrie everywhere.
I call my girlfriend Dumbledore Because she's the real headmaster
What do you call an exploding ape? A baboom.
The improper fraction help line is now open 24/7
You don't notice the air, until someone spoils it.
What is teen pop? Jared's favorite music genre.
I had a neurotic rabbit once. His name was Stu.
Thank Satan it's Monday.
What do you call a dad joke in Jamaica? Dreadful.
What did the Kiwi say to the Rabbi? "Hebrew".
What do you call a homeless Hitler? A roofless dictator.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To confuse pirates
This is NOT a repost.
God damn toilet! Always stealing my shit!
What do you call a fake noodle? Impasta
What has two legs and bleeds? Half a dog.
What do you call a screaming timepiece? An alarmed clock.
What's the National Vegetable of Israel? Ariel Sharon
Frankly auto correct, I'm getting really tired of your shirt.
Damn girl, did you fall from heaven? Cause you're Satan.
You're a vegetarian? That's a missed steak
Why do cows wear bells? Their horns don't work.
What do you call a bi-curious woman? A clitourist.
What happened to Hillary Clinton's emails? [deleted]
China lands on the moon! Salvages antique U.S. flag
The correct term for gluten-free, sugarless, vegan brownies is "compost."
An emo vampire probably bites himself.
A day with no sunshine is like..... night
What's another name for chicken breasts? Chitties
You've just made a very lazy enemy my friend.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Mega-sore-ass
Que dijo un mar al otro? ola
My social life.
How do Orcs eat their food? By goblin it down.
Equality That's the joke.
Looking for some tasteless Gabrielle Giffords jokes
Like I said before, I hate repeating myself
"auuahuhuh" some nerd who wears glasses probably right now
Why did Mufasa die? Because he didn't Mufasa-nuff.
Neck Tattoos: helping employers make hiring decisions since 1992.
How Long is a Chinamen? Yes he is.
What do you call a will? a dead giveaway
What's brown and sticky. A stick.
What do Gungans put things in? Jar Jars.
What do catholic body builders lift? Their guilt.
You had me at "we've got the place surrounded"
You're so fake, even China denied they made you.
The fact that belly buttons aren't blowholes is fucking stupid.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer? Ash
Knock knock... Knock knock. Who's there? r/news. r/news who? [deleted]
Some relationships can survive only online.
How does a bassist's brain cell die? Alone.
What's big, Scottish, and depressing? Scotland.
What do animals read in zoos? Gnus papers.
What do you call non-muslims that rides motorcycle? Kafir rider
f u cn red ths yu meb b dislxic rely
A cannibal ate a charismatic... He threw up his hands
I don't drink any more. Or any less.
this is a joke consoles
Whats brown and ryhmes with snoop Poop.
What does a Christmas tree do after Christmas? It pines.
Q. What kind of ears do pumpers have?  A. Engineers.
Wanna hear a joke? Sanctity of marriage. OH!
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
What's the most sensitive protein? EMOglobin.
"WDASDWwAdWwda" -said every pc gamer
What's the shittiest day of the week? Saturday
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken
Jejunum? I hardly know him
Why couldn't Beethoven find his teacher? Because he was Haydn.
Why is Dick short for Richard? Genetics, I guess
Its all shits and giggles. Until someone giggles and shits.
Sex is like a good joke I dont get it
Why don't electrical engineers get girls? Because they can resistor.
Sometimes, when I close my eyes, I... can't see.
What's a Sicilian terrorists favorite treat? Italian ISIS'
How does the moon cut his hair Eclipse it!
Kisses make my day... But anal makes me hole weak.
PMS jokes are not funny Period
"Whoo, take off your tits!" -confused pervert
What's Michigan's favorite beer? PbR
What kind of tea did the american colonists want? Liberty
Static methods won't get this
What do you call a pussy with herpes? Cuntagious
What has three feet but no legs? A yardstick.
Obama wants another chance
Women, give them an inch and they'll want all eight.
PMS is a myth It's really just an ovary action.
Have you seen the clown that hides from gay people?
I'm not Anti-Social. I'm Pro-Doing Shit on my Phone.
is it "milfs" or "milves"?
Here's one for you 369
TIFU by being a dyslexic bus driver Whoops, wrong bus
How does a flower get pollinated? Beez Nuts!
Count Dooku has always been puzzled by his wife, Sue.
What's black, and breaks into houses? A wrecking ball
Stop making jokes about noses It snot funny
If only mosquitoes sucked fat instead of blood.
post and comment hey nice jokes
Wanna hear a dyslexic joke? Knock there who's knock?
What is a North Korean's favorite school subject? Kimistry
more like Clifford the Big Red Reason we are Homeless
My life. Best joke I know!
It's Earth Day... FUCK Uranus!
Magic School Bus Movie Don't get your hopes up
An Irishman walks out of a bar... !!!
Nan, what is death? Nan? NAN? ..
What is blurrier the more you squint? Everything.
I was gonna tell a joke about OCD... but.
I hate being happy because it makes my tweets suck.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once. 
Women's Rights... What?. did you expect more?
If Eminem converted to Islam.. ..he'd be MuSlim Shady.
Who's the most badass flower salesman? Chuck Florist
"I set all the cattle free." - Reverse Cowgirl
Did you Hear About the Paper Joke? It was tear-ible
You're about as useful as closed captioning in a porno.
All the roles in Gravity were played by Martin Lawrence.
Broken puppets for sale. No strings attached.
Islam is.. ..a religion of peace
"Meh-eh-eh. Meh-eh-eh" - Apathetic goat.
If a quiz is quizzicle, then what is a test?
A joke about my girlfriend
What type of porn do vampires watch? Fangbang.
What is the cannibals' favorite game?  Swallow my Leader.
What's the hardest part about fucking a cripple? Paralyzing her.
Whats 1+0? Babies
Remember April showers bring May flowers. But, Mayflowers being smallpox.
Crimea River What did say to bama.
Cheese makes everything better... *sprinkles parmesan on broken leg*
What do you call a baby bull? A bully!
Why don't lions eat clowns? Because they taste funny
You know what they say about small feet... Big truck
How do you make Instagram worthy coffee? #nofilter
Where did Susie go during the bombing? Everywhere
What is the best time to watch Predator? Anytiiiiiiiiiime
What makes an ink joke so funny? The plot.
/r/im14andthisisdeep? ...I'm 12 and that's what she said
Why doesn't the pope like continuous functions? They're not hole-y.
What do you call an Inbred cow? A sandwich!
What kind of ice cream runs for president? neapolititian
A Unit of Power Walks Into A Bar Watt?
Mega Bites by Amos Quito
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef strokin' off.
FIFA is a nonprofit. That's it. That's the joke
Gabe Newell just died... His hair black
How do you fix a broken rock. Geosporin.
It's not Wingardium Leviosa It's Wingardium Leviosah-Dude
If God is your co-pilot - swap seats.
What did the homeless man get for Christmas? Hungry.
Chemistry Joke: What is "Me"+"U"... A rare gathering.
hello 911? yes do you think i'm pretty
Oregon's defense.
What's worse than ants in your pants? ...uncles
How do you keep a retard in suspense? ...
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer. .
"I'm a hoarse whisperer..." - Batman
How does a Jewish man make coffee? He brews it
Please write my tombstone in Comic Sans font.
What do you call a Jewish cop? Kosher Pork.
What job do you never stop training for? Conductor
What do you feel when there's no more coffee? Depresso.
What disease do Spartans get the most? Leon-itis.
What is a gay couples favorite fruit? Cantaloupe
What is the worst thing about Gonorrhea ? the taste!
Friday night is Fred Flintstone sliding down the dinosaur's back.
Where do Arabians with cowboy hats gather? Howdy Arabia
that's disgusting (unless you're up for it?)
Is that water coming out of your nose? No, it'snot
Why are vaginas called beavers? because beavers eat wood
Nice try, black horses not named ShaNeighNeigh.
I'm so pale all of my relationships are interracial.
What do you call a pile of cats? A Meowtain.
How do barmen surf the web? On the Gin-ternet.
My retirement plan is to die young and broke.
What did Silicon say to Germenaium ? Got dope ?
Today I learned... That I'm on the wrong subreddit.
Which kitchen appliance do surfers dislike most? The micro wave.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graiins!
Ever hear about the Jesus Bomb? Red bull and merlot
This show 2 broke girls
Where does Walmart keep the Terminator toys? Aisle B, back.
|(O)| MAARCOOO! ...... (.){
What do vegan zombies eat? Grraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssssssssssssssss
How do they educate locomotive drivers? They train them
A Jehovah Witness Knock-Knock joke: KNOCK KNOCK..
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
What do accountants use for birth control? Their personalities.
What do sound engineers say when they leave? Audios
I'm never condescending That's when you talk down to people.
What's grey and comes in quarts? [NSFW] Elephants.
What do you call a Chinese billionaire? Cha Ching
Lionel Ritchie says 'Hello', by the way.
A blind man enters a fishmarket... "Hello Ladies"
Hey, old people! Less driving, more dying. Thanks!
My diet this week consisted of 6 cheat days
What's a crossfit bro's favorite Italian dish? Testosteroni.
Him: you're terrifying Me: awww you're just saying that
Kobe Bryant converted to Islam today As-salamu a-laker
Every 60 seconds in Africa... a minute passes, you racist.
Two baby seals walk into a club...
Whats the most confusing day in Harlem? Father's day.
What goes "oh oh oh"? Santa walking backwards.
Old Spice Joke Look at the comments.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down?
Who is the Fonz's favorite baseball team? A'szzzz
What's the most common blood type among drummers? Heroin.
Why can't a bicycle stand alone? It's two tired.
Admiral Ackbar sez, "drop it like..." http://i.imgur.com/R896U.jpg
The USB port on this cat doesn't work.
Hear about the 2 Mexican firemen? Jose and Josb
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quatro cinco.
What do rodents do after dinner? Gopher a walk.
What is the oldest red wine? "They took our Land!"
Repent! Seek jesus! Judgement approaches!
I Want To Be Pampered! Actually, any brand will do.
What do you call a wheelchair bound Leo? HanDicaprio. .
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates? Rolaids
In a serious water shortage /r/showerthoughts should be shut down.
Breakfast musings... A boiled egg is hard to beat.
When's a door not a door? When it's slightly ajar.
Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
What is a penguin? A swallow who ate after 6pm.
What is Batman's Japanese emergency number? 7777-Batman
What European capital has the most ghosts?  Boodapest!
I heard an immature joke about dildos. Now I'm butthurt.
So, what're all of us fortunate people complaining about today?
Shortest maths joke  &lt; 0
What's Donald Trump's favorite song? White Christmas
Why couldn't Edward leave Russia? Because he was Snowden.
What do you call a boxing on a slackline? Punchline.
Russian history in 5 words: "And then things got worse."
The steak pun... ...a rare medium, sometimes well done.
No YOUR a grammar nazi!
What's a dish best served cold? Air condish.
What is made of wood and sticky? ...a Stick!
What's a baseball players favorite type cake? A bundt cake.
Two guys walk into a bar.... ...the third ducked.
Divide and conquer? Ok. *opens calculator app*
Highpotenuse I'm high on potenuse
What is ISIS' favourite file type? .exe
What do you call Pegasus farts? Horse power.
Donald Trump...
Remember, in a few days this'll be last year.
Japan's Woman Soccer Team
Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella? For Drizzle.
When Bruce Jenner changed sex's. I thought damn... he's Trans-Jenner?
Top two sprees: 2) killing; 1) shopping
Cliffs are so great... But they have one downside
When are Latkes traditionally eaten? While hiding in an attic.
Have I been drinking? Clearly officer, you're no detective.
SIRGEN = A Slut that acts like a VIRGIN
Customer: Waiter this soup tastes funny.  Waiter: So laugh sir.
Why was the dildo company so successful? Good product placement.
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of coordination? HAND EYYYYYYYYYEEE
What kind of jean's do Mario prefer? Denim Denim Denim.
What do hillbillys do on Halloween? Pump Kin
You know what really grinds my gears? Poor shifting technique.
Why does Peter pan always fly? Because he Neverlands
What do you call a pile of cats? A Meow-tain.
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
Hottest fabric on ramps in Paris this season: Kevlar...
Sex is kinda like pizza... It tastes better without rubber.
&lt;------Flair My penis is, -Yoda
How bad does an atheist smell? Ungodly
Your baby's cute. Not baby elephant cute, but still cute.
Yes autocorrect, I was trying to find some 'amazon' weed
Ha ji, kuch arz kiya hai | Shayeri joke sms
It's afro-carribean day at work tomorrow. I'm dreading it.
What's the stupidest joke you've ever heard?
Funny one liner: Virgin Pussy is a "Road not taken"
What's the hardest part of eating a vegetable? The wheelchair.
What do you call Star Wars Spoilers? *Wookie*Leaks.
I'm feeling sluggish No one pour salt on me.
You know what's really great about being a narcissist? Me.
Keep your friends close and your enemies in urns.
What's the shortest organ in a goat? An ISIS member!
Don't trust atoms. Seriously, don't. They make up everything.
What's the fastest way to kill millions? Just swallow.
What's a Rabbi's favourite drink? Mountain Jew.
What do you call a pretentious coffee? A latte-dah!
What do Orphans get for Christmas? Lonely.
*bites into tuba sandwich and breaks teeth* damn autocorrect
Imagine dressing up as Hitler for Halloween in Israel.
What is a KKK member's favorite board game? CROSS fire
This sentence.. This sentence contains exactly threeee erors.
HALT! Hammerzeit!
What do you call a silent kebab? A shh-kebab
Why does Sunscreen break atomic rule? It's only SPF
What is crucial to any joke about ISIS? The execution
My guy friend is pregnant! Inconceivable!
Don't pollute the Earth... ...it's not Uranus.
Don't be sad dirty dishes, nobody's doing me either.
What's a fundamentalist Christian's favorite type of car? A convertible.
I'm unpredictable. Like a dad on a field trip.
What's a scientist's favorite gum flavor? .......Ex-*spearmint*.
I unveiled my plan for loan repayments. It's staggering.
Never Trust An Atom They make up everything
I a tendency to skip words.
What is small furry and smells like bacon? A hamster.
What do you call a pompous Hobbit? Bilbo Braggins
What do you mean pi r square? Pies are round
Motorcycles, more like donor cycles.
Why will Trump become President? Because of his Trump card.
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim, denim, denim.
Whats the leading cause of pedophilia? Sexy kids
Keystroke... not as sexy as it sounds
What do you call a Korean bulldog? A bul-dog-gi
Horses are the most negative animals... ...they are such neigh-sayers
*weighs self* "Shit" *takes clothes off* "GODDAMMIT" *takes tampon out*
So sex workers ever post anything that's nsfw?
Damn you bladder stop releasing my precious beer.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowoman? Snowballs!
Free reddit! http://imgur.com/762fAPG FREE REDDIT!
For yoga people He who noticed it lotused it
Just so we're on the same page, I'm on 137.
What is the most romantic city in England?  Loverpool!
What's your favorite terraria boss? Mine is the enderdragon
Why Did The Black Guy Crossed The Road? because... chicken.lel
Which lawyers are U2 fans? The pro bono ones
I accidentally filled the escort with diesel, she died.
He's not dead; he's electroencephalographically challenged.
Hey baby, what's your resonance frequency?
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.
Are you today's date? Cause you're a 10/10
What does the KKK use to bake cookies? White flour!
So many boys, such little minds. 
Anyone who believes in telekinesis... ...raise my hand
I'm going to rewrite history. History.
My cellphone is incredibly acidic... It's a pH one
What is the Technical name For IronMan Overreacting? "Fe" male
What's Chinese and climbs the Empire State Building? Ping Pong
Pussy Don't worry you'll never get it.
What do you throw a drowning guitarist? His amp.
that sinking feeling... when you're on the Titanic
Thanks Autocorrect, I did want to bang her braids out.
What did they call Postman Pat after he retired? Pat
What is a pirates favorite file type? .rar
What do you call an old skeleton's jokes? *Dry humer!*
An incendiary note i left resulted in suicide by arson
What do you call a blind german? A not-see.
What is black, heavy, and can't swim? A grand piano.
What television show best describes a mothers virginity? Lost
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Quattro Sinko
Everyone on Reddit is nosey.. See. I told you..
What do you call a Jewish New Zealander? Hebrew
This Status maybe recorded for quality and training purposes
I Need a Drink
When's the best time to go skydiving? Fall.
I love cliffhangers ...
Ideas are like kids Don't have them
What has 5 arms and rocks? Def Leppard
April showers bring May flowers Mayflowers bring Smallpox.
What does Sean Connery surf on the Internet? Reddish.
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay
A German installs a bath around his table Badumtisch
Origami Belts They're a waist of paper
Idea for dieting: Fridges with mirrors.
What's another name for a chicken testicle? Fowl Ball
What do you call a gay tramp? Hobosexual
What's Monica Lewinskys favorite time of day Eight o'cock
Remember, flies transmit diseases So keep yours up
Everyone has that one best friend who's now a.... **Stranger!**
If tomatoes are a fruit, then ketchup is a smoothie.
Retarded people They shouldn't even exist
My dad died on 9/11... He was a terrible pilot.
"Blow on this." Hot food.
To a murderer, we're all jailbait.
I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.
Some women bounce back quickly after pregnancy.. some just bounce
My body is shaped like a hooded sweatshirt.
How do trees use the Internet? They log on
Jewish Pedophile "Do you want to buy some candies?"
Energizer bunny arrested. Charged with battery.
how do socks reproduce? they have socks. goodnight folks
What's worse than stubbing your toe? The Holocaust
you used to call me on my nokia phone
"Oh. My. God." - the first duck to eat bread.
How did I get out of Iraq? Iran.
What does apathy sound like? I'm Ellen Pao, AMA
What is woman spelled backwards? Kitchen
What Does A Ghost Cow Say? Moo!
That awkward movement when you... read movement as moment.
Where are the best leaders made? Flint, Michigan.
What does a Canadian hipster say? "meh".
243 http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/11rg19/efficient_jokes/
What kind of furniture do pigs like best?  Overstuffed.
*logs onto Facebook* *sees 347 ultrasound pictures* *logs off forever*
Why do hippies wear corduroy? It's groovy!
Sign at restaurant reads: Eat here diet home
What's an ants favourite collectible item Antiques
What is the world coming to? Youporn
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little knotsies
What does a spanish programmer program in? Si++
Need a Polygon ? Why not Trape**z**oidberg
What do challah and martial arts have in common? Judo
Up-Dog Something smells like updog.
How I broke my cat's knees? With rude eyes.
What part of a vegetable can't you eat? The wheelchair.
Is BB hungry? No, BB-8
What is 6.9? Good sex interupted by a period
Bowling would be more interesting if it were slightly uphill.
I organized an orgasm denial convention. Nobody came.
Ouch! I stubbed my butt hole...
This may be the vodka talking, but   .
A gay guy and a cow?
Just ignore me !
What does a spy's pussy smell like. Fishy
Quack Quack Who's there? A duck.
When do computers go to sleep? When it's internight.
I love oral sex... it's the phone bill I hate.
Where do you get frog's eggs? The spawn shop.
You can say that Hodor was Branwashed.
*eats whole carrot cake* *waits for eyesight to improve*
Meek Mill's response
What do bees do with their honey? They cell it.
My new girlfriend just gave me her number i
Where do footballers dance? At a football!
Sex while camping... Is fucking in tents.
Egotist: A person who is usually me-deep in conversation.
What do you call a female peacock? A peacunt
The phone cops got a new case. It fit snuggly.
Wanna hear a cat joke? Just Kitten
Go to www.JebBush.com
If women lactate... Then men...
If your religion is worth killing for, start with yourself.
Definition of a Will: It's a dead giveaway.
What Hogwarts house was the Big Bad Wolf in? Hufflepuff
Why is Tigger always dirty? Because he plays with Pooh
He died doing what he loved; shouting 'boo!' behind horses.
Im at the swamp does anyone need anything
Satan cannot be everywhere, So Relatives were created..
Why wouldn't the vampire eat his soup? It clotted.
What do you call a crushed angle? A rektangle.
I watched Cinderella backwards today...
What kind of dog is the smartest? A great brain!
Have you heard of the Jewish "Catch 22"? Free Ham!
What is the gender of Iron Man? Fe Male
Why do Jamaican philosophers shit together? Because they discuss tings.
Where did the Jewish girl go during the bombing? Everywhere.
Decadent: Posessing only ten teeth.
Wanna expand my polynomial?
What's a hipster's favorite kind of cigarette? Yours.
All of these Ferguson jokes lately... What a riot!
Why don't Canadians have many orgies? Too many thank-you notes.
Yo momma's so fat... LIGO detected her gravitational wave.
My skis are like my parents They're drifting apart
How do Russians drive to Alaska? By bearing straight
Whats a caged animal's favorite food? Zoocchini
Who is your's Your Father's- Mother's- daunghter-in-law's husband is your?
What do you call a smart mexican? Sherlock, Holmes.
What is M. Night Shamalan's favorite game? Twister.
What is Hitler's favorite drink? genocider
A Jewish Coffee brand named... Hebrews It
"BE CAREFUL! I HAVE OSTEOPOROSIS!" She snapped.
Don't lye. It makes you basic.
What do you call a Yugoslavian Pimp? Yasalivason Medickubitch
"Watch me smell my wine." - white people
How does a candy bar laugh? It snickers
what does a nosey peper do? gets jalapeno buisness.
Heard if the Obama diet? Putin eats your lunch everyday...
War is God's way of teaching Americans geography.
"He be dead." Who? Your English teacher?
Why do lesbians hate Nutella? Because it's not nut-free
A man walked into a bar He was knocked unconscious.....
How do Muslims cook their eggs? Sunni side up.
Q: What kind of bees make milk? A: Boo-Bees
Have you heard about the Italian chef? He pasta way
What do you call it when Hitler is constipated? Ow-shits
What's a pig's favourite casino game? Porker.
Have you heard about the Polish lesbian? She fucks men.
So a guy enters a theme park alone
*shakes brain like an Etch-A-Sketch*
Life sucks when a girlfriend doesn't
A Load of Old Rubbish by Stefan Nonsense
Why repent? I pented just last week.
Whats it called when batman leaves church early? Christian Bale
Can't believe I'm still writing "-oslovakian" on all my Czechs.
I don't trust stairs... They're always up to something
Your mother .
Feels like there's not enough blood in my drugstream.
who called it an infinity scarf instead of a scaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I like my logic like I like my logic... Circular.
What did the pirate name his pet clam? Michelle
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit
What's Chris Brown's favourite drink? Punch
When he proposed to her. She found it very engaging.
What did drunk say to the blonde? Nice ass.
Why did the hippie drown? He was too *far out*!
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why was the broom late? Because it overswept.
How does Bob Marley like his doughnut? w' jammin it
Sorry I booped your nose during your meltdown ..
Doing a suicide attack is... ...a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
WHAT KIND OF BAND PLAYS SNAPPY MUSIC? A RUBBER BAND.
(NSFW) What's a vagina's favorite type of music? Cuntry!
What do Nazi pilots eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles
TV playback craziness [Through the eyes of Adrienne Hedger](https://www.facebook.com/HedgerHumor/photos/pb.630201143662377.-2207520000.1443863939./1179935295355623/?type=3&amp;theater). :)
What happened when Cinderella got to the ball? She choked.
What do you call war fought with bees? ...Beeological Warfare
What do you do with a dead chemist? Barium.
Pot bellied pigs are gateway pigs to cocaine bellied pigs.
How many apples grow on trees? All of them
What's a poor person favorite meal? Sleep.
What's the most disloyal animal to it's mate? A cheetah.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
Canada has crack?
Why are there no black snowmen? WHITE POWDER!!!
I lost 100 pounds with this one weird trick! Exercise
Why is imgur down? It was over *cat*pacity.
You know what really turns me on? Unprotected.....WiFi.
What do gay cows eat? Haaaaayyyy(gay voice)
Condoms are really counterproductive.
What hotel does Link always ask for? HYATT
I'm 2/3 virgin.
Why was the car naked? It was missing a tire.
[Request] Aboriginal jokes
I got stuck in a tornado once It sucked
What do you call a prostitue from Maui? "Hana Ho"
What would you call it if Hitler was mad? inFUHRERiated.
A Jewish dilemma? Free ham
Why was the Frenchmen racist? Because he was a bigette.
What do you say to a urinating Italian? You're-a-pee'n
Nothing says defeat than deleting your own tweet.
What did the Mexican guy get for Christmas? His verdict.
What does Belathor call his balls? His treasures.
She's a 159er Oh shit, it's 1:59, I'll take her.
Necrophiliacs love going out on expiration dates.
What does santa do with a lazy reindeer? Sleighs 'em
What is Kim Jong Un's favourite video game? Duke Nukem.
How do skateboarders see? So gnar
What do you call two skunks sixty-nining? Odor eaters.
THERE IS A THIN LINE BETWEEN 911.. AND 9/11
Where did Hitler watch TV? In his *Lebensraum.*
Just laminated my dad.
Africans would remember this Ebola
Tiger Woods Playing Golf
Mimosa's The morning after pill for an alcoholic's hangover.
I'm giving up my husband for Lent.
What do you use when you have dry eyes? Moist-your-eyes-er
What was Hitler's favorite animal? *Nnnnnnnnnnnnnneeiiiinnnnnnnnn*
What's a neckbeard's favourite disease? M'laria.
how dare you call me when dogs 101 is on
What is an elephants favourite film ? Elephantasia
Here's a good one The 2016 political race.
What's an epileptic persons favorite appetizer? Seizure Salad.
You're pretty cocky for someone with such a small... ....vocabulary.
south park buzz bazinga punk!
Have You Heard The One About The Sheep? It's baaad...
What's an Impressionist's favorite condiment? Manet's.
What do you call a gay fascist leader? A Dicktaker
What's 7-1? A national disappointment.
Q: Why was the willow weeping? A: He was unpoplar.
Wanna hear a word i made up? Plagiarism
What did the lucky butter say? I'm on a roll!
What is Wilford Brimley's favorite band? The Beatis.
Wanna hear a Bill Cosby joke? Drink this first.
2 peanuts are walking in the park. One is assaulted.
What's your best Michael Jackson is dead joke?
Who invented the round table? Sir Cumference
What did Jay-Z call Knowles before getting married? his biancee
Deep sleep prevents aging. Especially when you are driving.
What's the Russian word for water? Vodka
I've invented a new word. Plagerism http://reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2oy5fe/i_made_up_a_new_word/
Here is the best joke ever Donald Trump
What type of Bees provide millk? Boobees (boobies)
"Single and ready to Pringle." - my Friday nights :(
Mike's dad has three sons.. Snap Crackle and...? Mike
What kind of fabric does Mario use? Denim denim denim.
What's an 80 year old pussy smell like? Depends!
What cheese do you use to hide a horse? Mascarpone!
The Pope just changed his relationship status to It's Complicated...
Why is Edward still in Russia? Because he is Snowd*en*
Who is Vietnam's greatest superhero? Vietman.
A man walked into a bar He's gay now
NutFlick and Chill
What did the hamburger name his daughter? Patty.
What was Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WATAAAAAAAAAR
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? tennish
Tooth sale Two buck teeth for 1$ buck
What do you call two physicians? Paradox.
What do you call alternative medicine that works? Medicine.
[travels back in time] [accidentally kills Baby Charlie Chaplin]
Hey, want to hear a rape joke? No? Too bad.
If it exists behind a paywall, does it really exist?
What kind of karate do Rabbis know? Jew Jitsu.
My Twitter crush is 4,762-timing me!
Guess who I bumped into at the opticians? Everybody
There's a fine line Between a numerator and a denominator.
I usually like to go fishing... Just for the halibut
Where did Javon get his earrings? Ja Mall
When is there two Ds in "her?" http://imgur.com/Rmc4pha
What branch of the military are horses in? The NaaaaayyyVY
Just helped a girl give birth... OP delivered.
Why did the lettuce get arrested? ...for disturbing the peas!
I can row a boat. Canoe?
How is your golf game? Eh... It's sub-par.
What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pumpkin
How did the butcher introduce his wife? 'Meet Patty!'
What is Anon's favorite coding language? Fortran
Where do lightbulbs die? Offswitch.
Alcoholics don't run in my family... They stumble everywhere.
Things You Will Never See In A Fortune Cookie
Love yourself. But, not in public. That's illegal.
Joke What did the cup say to the mop
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND EEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
My girlfriend complained about me moving on too fast.
What kind of candy is Hitler? A Jew-breaker!
Starbucks bathrooms are EXCLUSIVELY for terrible diarrhea, right?
Why are iPhone chargers not called Apple Juice?
Twitter should have " Throwing tomato" button.
Don't you hate jokes about German sausage? They're the wurst!
I, for one, like Roman Numerals
Shouldn't the Air and Space museum be empty?
Hipster sushi restaurants only serve eye rolls.
Virginia wolf More like Virginia woof
What is Eminem's favourite food? wraps
Hey Click this link.
2 guys walk into a bar... the third one ducks
I wish labor day was 9 months after spring break
Where do hamburgers go to dance? To a meatball.
Why couldn't C.P.E. Bach find his contemporary? He was Haydn.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is Pain.
My first language is typo.
Ben Carson ZZZzzzzzz
I'm not fat. I'm famine proof.
Whats the least paying job? British dentist.
Pooped without my phone this morning, just like Gandhi.
What shark has the most privilege? A great white!
Alfijnbahkfnbsbbakrbbjdnebzk hzueonyvag macarena yrvixndvwhkga ndhwkdbcbe hayvektoubabrjnahor HEYYYY MACARENA
So I just preordered a Jet Black IPhone.. Lol jk
Soviet Valentine's Day You are the hammer to my sickle.
Open letter to the mods of /r/jokes C
The NFL replacement refs
Tuesdays go into Humpdays now don't they
What Counting system does Valve use? Trinary
Kidnapping Catnapping keeps you well rested, kidnapping gets you arrested.
Congrats Amy Winehouse on being 5 years sober
What was Jesus never thankful for? Fridays.
Me: "My elbow hurts." WebMD: "Elbow cancer."
"Dear NASA... ...Your mom thought I was big enough" -Pluto
Grammar died so that Twitter could live.
What do cows usually fly around in?  Helicowpters and Bulloons.
An interesting twist on a classic. (x-post /r4chan) http://i.imgur.com/UvBlxDK.png
Doing my weekly Anti-virus scan, my laptop is a slut.
title text
david guetta feat. the person who sings the whole song
Whats red and smells like blue paint? Red paint :)
What's a terrible plate pun? dish one.
Why is childbirth called "delivery" and not "take out?"
I want a real relationship; not a Facebook one
I like my women like I like my coffee horny
I'm not homophobic, I love my house!
What are Benedict Cumberbatch's fans called? Cumberbitches.
What's the best part about abortions? They never get old
What do fish do when they have cancer? Nemotherapy
IamA PC user who bought winrar AMA
What is Cab Calloway's favorite type of humor? 'scat'alogical
Why are millenials so odd? Because they can't even...
A man walks into a bar... ouch.
TIL where the first French fry was made. In grease.
What's infinity minus one? A sideways seven.
Demons must be obese... ...Because they hate getting exorcised.
What's a vampire's favorite dance? The Fang Tango.
What is the temperature of the average coffin? 6 Below
Knock knock Who's there? I eat mipe
If the music's too loud you're too old.
What I want In A Man (NSFW)
How much did the Holocaust? Not enough Jews.
Two lawyers walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
Bikini season is right around the corner...But so is Chipotle
Why did the H blow itself up? Because the Jihad.
When life gives you AIDS... Make lemonAIDS
How heavy is a dumpling? Wanton
The first rule of parenting is: never negotiate with terrorists.
What do you call a horny Catholic? A firm believer.
So a dyslexic guy walks into a bra.
Hey Billy Joel it's called a pianist.
How do you top a car? with the break tupid!
"Nothing rhymes with orange" No it doesn't.
William Shatner? I didn't even know he knew her.
"Boo!" -- cow with a cold
Ive never seen a pregnant Chinese lady.
Remove dead skin by hurling yourself into an active volcano.
[Takes dog to park] *waits for romantic comedy to begin
Nothing brings out the kid in you like... an abortion.
My dog said I was crazy
"I ate thoup before it wath cool." - Hipthter
Why do babies cry so much? YOU'RE MOM.
What does love mean to a tennis player? Nothing
What do you call a man with no shins? Toe-Knee
I have a joke. Me.
What does an octopus have ten of? Tickles...
Chris Christie stopped running... Go figure
"I stalk people you've probably never heard of" -hipster stalker
i don't think that was a chocolate chip.
What is the difference between snowmen and snowomen? Snowballs.
Laugh while you can, 2016... ...you're next.
Define "no more Twitter or I will leave you."
A look into the mind of women...
What is Forest Gump's Email password? 1Forest1
What is the dogs favourite city ? New Yorkie !
Had a lot of chemistry with my high-school science teacher.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYEEEEEEEEE
What do books have that Mexicans don't? Papers.
Islam IS a RACE to the 7th century.
What's cooler than Obama? Snowbama
What do you call a man with 3 testicles? Whodyanickabollockoff
What's another name for a prosthetic patella? Faux-knee
What does a duck call a tractor? A quacktor
I have created a new Word! plagiarism
doc: how is your headache? she: he is doing fine.
Molestation, mo'problems
"What's the difference between a gnome and an elf?" Gnomenclature.
How does a redheaded surgeon operate? Gingerly
What Do You Call An Asian Billionare? Cha Ching
Drills are boring.
So much rosemary. So little thyme.
What happened when pigs started flying? Everyone got swine flu
Excuse me Ladies, but my eyes are up here.
Got EM DEEZ NUTZ
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar followed by Batman.
HUNDRED DOLLAR IDEA: Go to an ATM. Withdraw $100.
What's worse than a cardboard box? Paper tits
What do gay Russian partners call each other? Cumrade
Women like men with an accent, not an Axe scent
What do vampires cross the sea in? Blood vessels.
Where do sick boats go? ........to the dock!! HAHHAHHAHAHHA
What do you call a dehydrated French man? Pee Air
What kind of bathroom does Napoleon use? A Waterloo
What type of drink do gay nazis hate? Juice
What's a Muslim's favourite musician? Shari'ah Carey
What is an aliens favorite keyboard key The space key
What is Donald Trump's least favorite Candy? Jelly Beaners
What would MLK be if he was alive? White
What's a sheep's favourite band? Ewe 2
REMEMBER: If you mention another race, you're racist.
Never trust a woman who doesn't b*tch about everything.
A seal walks into a club...
What do people say when Batman skips Church? Christian Bale
Have you tried rocky mountain oysters? They're offal.
How do you get Akbar to shut up? Muzzle'm.
What is a Viking's favorite music? Ragnarock
Does anyone smell that up dog?
NFL Players + Fireworks =
Son: Dad how do stars die? Dad: Drugs, Usually
"Is it in yet???" -My ATM, mocking me.
What do you call a pile of kittens? A Meowntain.
Pretty sure this dollar store toothpaste is just white paint.
A Blond walks into a Bar "Ouch"
What kind of tea do koalas drink? Euca-lipton
So glad my boobs don't honk. Talk about a mood-killer.
What is Hodor's favorite cereal? Raisin Bran.
Why don't good golfers cheat? Cause they play the fairway.
A baby seal walked into a club... =)
What is a toad's favorite genre of music? Hip hop.
I hate computer speak My brain just cant PROCESS it.
Frostbite!! It snow joke!!
whats brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr Dre
How do you get a witch pregnant? You fuck 'er.
What is Gordon Ramsay's favourite movie? It's fucking Frozen!!!!!
Why are pistachios called pistachios? More like "these-are-hard-to-openios"
What is a zombie's favorite cereal? Raisin brain.
What do you call an unsweetened, kosher lemonade? acidic juice
*gives date flowers* Here. I murdered these plants for you.
What do you call an economics lecturer? Prof. it
What's worse than a pedophile? A fucking pedophile.
I like my women like I like my steak Dead
A blonde walks into a bar... Ouch.
To err is human... To arr is pirate.
What is a German's favorite Pokemon? NEINtales
you're her boyfriend?! That's cool! I'm her manfriend!
Dark humour is like food Not everyone gets it
Hello everyone. How are we? ...was the capital of Wodesia
I once dated an amputee. She single-handedly changed my life
What begins with 'R' and ends with a sentence? Rape
Chicken pot pie Three of my favorite things.
Why do Japanese women love to eat pixels?
Speaking of short term memory,
I stopped drinking and sleeping around Shit got too gonorreal
What do white nationalists call three left turns? An alt-right
What time does Sean Connery arrive at the Wimbledon? Tennish.
Where do most illegal immigrants go in America? Allah-bama.
How do Germans tie their shoes? In little Nazis
I just love that fragrance you're wearing, is that Consent?
Two peanuts walk down the street... one was a salted
How do thieves kiss? They make out like bandits.
Clocks in Heaven
A man walks into a bar... ... ouch.
What's worse than morning wood? Mourning wood
Man who washes with dog toy becomes squeaky clean
Does the world really need another rhetorical question?
Why does laundry happen to good people?
People making jokes about communism are all sharing laughs
Everyone's making Mayan jokes Like there's no tomorrow!
The wind is such a whore... ...it blows everyone.
What do errant Jewish golfers shout? Three ninety eight!
I just called. To say. I texted you.
Femi-Nazi Moderator Free speech to hell
How does a mathematician swear? Math-you.
What do you call a zombie musician? A decomposer.
After DST I stopped to visit my dyslexic friend... http://www.funnyordie.com/articles/12d1747cd7/the-agony-of-dyslexia
How did the Mexican want his sex? Orale, homes!
I changed my Ipod's name to Titanic Its Syncing
What's green, slimey and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
What is the equivalent to Area-51 in Canada? Area-51, A
" Let me be perfectly clear" - My Aquarium
Where did Mary go after the explosion?? EVERYWHERE!
I don't trust umbrellas. They're shady.
An app to tase restaurant owners who call appetizers "apps"
Where did the one legged waitress work? IHOP
I'm no scientist but you're an idiot.
How to have a seance Ance. Ok you're turn.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? French onion soup.
Roger Goodell
Ever tried Ethiopian food? No? Neither have they.
What do you call sex with an ex? sex
Why is Helium so trustworthy? Because HE's noble.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He Neverlands.
What does a Latina like on her bagel? Papi seeds.
What's brown and sticky? Poo!
*turns on notifications* Notifications: I have a boyfriend
what's brown and rhymes with snoop? dr. dre
I finally found out why clickbait is so effective.
What idiot named it a mugshot instead of a cellfie?
What does a nosey pepper do? He's Jalapeno business
What will Russians be cooking for Thanksgiving...? Turkey
What do you call Dementors that breed? Sementors.
Freedom Isn't Free, So Stop Whining And Pay Your Taxes.
What's brown, long, and sticky? A stick.
What is green and smells like pork? Kermits finger...
whats a feminist least favorite football team? MANchester united
Good news for insomniacs Only three more sleeps til Christmas!
Outvoted 1-1 by my wife again.
You know what isn't a joke? Hitlers gas bill.
Who is al-Quaeda's favorite football team? The New York Jets.
How was Snoop Dogg murdered? Blunt force trauma.
Where do steers go to dance? To the Meat Ball!
What's the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Lukewarm.
What do you call a drug-addicted vampire? Crackula
A seal walks into a club.
With great power comes.. An expensive electricity bill
So a German installs a bath around his desk... BADUMTISCH
What do you call social networking for magical creatures? Faebook.
Meaningless statistics are up 17% today
There's no "u" in employee. You're fired.
What's the dieeference between /r/Showerthoughts and /r/jokes?
Matthew McConaughay is for Matthew McConaughorses
What country has the highest concentration of pool players? Irack.
Siri, are you a funny reference any more?
B-E-F-O-R-E not b4. We speak English not fuc?ing bingo.
What do you call a mexican barber? El Chapo
What do you call a black preist? Holy shit.
What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!
What's a stoner's favorite cheese? Mun Cheese!
Used tampons should be hung outside for the mosquito
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A doyouthinkhe-saurus
What is invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny Farts.
I'm watching my neighbor through the blinds, he's so creepy.
You can't buy love, but you pay heavily for it.
Two Arabs walk into a bar
Knock Knock -Who's there? -The pilot. Let me in
What's your most messed up/morally wrong joke?
Fishermen... ...are reel men.
Dinosaurs went extinct because they heard Chuck Norris was coming.
What's the most electronegative state? Fluorida!
When you hold me, I'd prefer it not be "accountable."
What's a mouse's favourite record ? Please cheese me !
What do you call a traveling Pope? A Roamin' Catholic.
Today was a great day 10/10
Who did the chickens vote for president? Baraaaaaak Obama
Two guys walk into a bar... the next one ducks.
How much does a pirate pay for corn? A Buck-An-Ear
What's a german's favourite number? Nein
Are you a hydroelectric source of power? ...cause dam!
What happens when a fly drinks rum? It gets buzzed!
My friend says he's doing good he means well
What do you call a doctor for websites? A URLologist
Glockenspiel Germanic efficiency brought to the game of Russian roulette.
'Marley and Me' has a sequel! It's called 'Me'...
iPhone 8 Screen [REMOVED]
What's purple-headed and makes women moan? Crib death.
Why do men die before their wives? They *want* to
This Post just says it all! It all.
Reddit, tell me the most offensive joke you know. [NSFW]
Just an internet explorer joke Loading...
What does Hitler drink every morning? Concentrated Jews
Q: Who is Scooby-Doo's evil twin? A: Scooby-Don't.
What do you call a Polish fisherman? A fishing pole.
How do you call someone named olaf with ebola? Ebolaf
Welche vier Flusse kennt jede Blondine? Rhein, Inn, Main, Po
CSI is like Scooby-Doo for old people.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.
My dog always walked backwards... So I named him god.
What drink did Hitler absolutely hate the taste of? Juice.
Whyisleatherarmorbestforsneaking? It'sliterallymadeofhide
what's Putin having for Christmas? Turkey
Guess what? Chicken butt.
What is a black mans favorite Halloween costume? Robbin Hood
Guess what? Chicken butt!
What do you call a group of euphorics? A fedoration.
Shout out to sidewalks for keeping me off the streets.
I hate people who support the Nazis They're such deutschbags.
Autocorrect is why I have crust issues.
What do older women wear? Depends
The difference between a cucumber and pickles... Is jarring
What starts with F and ends with UCK FIRETRUCK!1!1!1!!!1!1!!!!1!1!1!!!!1!1!1!!
You can actually drink lava! but only once.
Deez nuts hah goteem
Why don't English teachers like parole? They prefer complete sentences.
(Anxiety/Depression joke) I'm always exhausted... except for my nervous energy.
According to my roommate's diary, I have boundary issues.
What do Mexicans use to cut their pizza? Little Caesars.
What did the pot-head name his son? Bud.
Where do you send Jewish kids with ADHD? Concentration Camp
What did the homeless prostitute's boyfriend call her? his hobo
What do you call a female android? Synthia Lmao
Free Palestine! With purchase of equal or greater value.
Yo mama so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid!
What do you call an angry cashew? A pissed-achio.
Did you hear about the Bob Marley impersonator? He's dreadful.
RIP Jordin Sparks She had no air
Business idea: Own a profitable business
What did the radiographer call her daughter? Imogen
A friend that steals your tortilla chips is nacho friend.
North Korea's launch code         B A
I'm a grave digger, My hole job is depressing.
top baby names for 2015: Bareth, Robaldo, Gunblayde, Terby, Gulb
What do you call twin policemen? Copies.
How do you clear out a synagogue call the irs
What's the chilliest ground in the premiership? Cold Trafford!
Why I'm leaving /r/jokes I'm going to bed
What do you call a proud Danish countryman? A pastriot.
What do you call pasta from the hood? Spaghetto
Why does Britain love tea so much? Because tea leaves.
Yeah I got a job at Coca Cola... It's sodapressing.
What do you call inexplicably missing aioli? Awoli.
Where do Sith Lords shop? At Darth Mall.
A fish lost it's body part. Fin.
Why does ed not have a girlfriend? Because sheeran
Goes to church to find God's love. Friendzoned.
Why don't shrimp donate to charities? Because they're shellfish.
I'll stop at nothing... ...to avoid using negative numbers.
did you hear about the italian chef? he pasta way
If I Cuold Time Travel I would fix the title.
I named my Pokemon Margarine... ...because it's butterfree.
What dinosaur knows the most words? Thesaurus. :/
What do Classical musicians do when they die? They decompose.
What kind of bugs bother sporting dogs?  Ath-fleats!
*offers dog a treat* Dog: I have a boyfriend
Letsh Have Shex!  Horny Sean Connery
What was Tigger doing in the toilet? Looking for Pooh.
What could Dora the Explorer's kids be called? Doritos
What shoes to chickens wear? Reebok bok bok
A horse trots into a bar, trips, and falls
Only a widow can say exactly where her husband is.
On the bright side selfie sticks are also lightning rods.
What's a magician's favorite Mexican dish? TosTADA!
In Hell, you're surrounded by people saying 'suposably' and 'irregardless.'
What's pink and retarded? A Flamongo.
laugh! besty medicine
Whose elbows are ashier than everyone else's? The Jews.
Decaf only works if you throw it on people.
What is a cancer patients favorite bingo number? B9
What is a short punchy statement? Boxing Midgets.
What do you call Indian flowers? Patels
I was recently diagnosed with depression It made me sad
What kind of memes do Germans like? Danke memes
2 guys walk into a bar.. The third one ducked.
Joke about North Korea! [deleted]
Dogs are some of the coolest people I've ever met.
Are you all right? No, you are all left!
I'm bad at sewing Shit, wrong thread.
What's the number for Baltimore chiropractic services? 9-1-1
What does my dad do for fun? Beats me  \_()_/ 
Whatisthelongbuttonatthebottomofthekeyboardfor?
"Emma Stone" ~ Italian man telling you he's high
Pampered Cow What do you get from a pampered cow?
What do you call a drunken asshole? Alcohole.
Don't ever go to Bates Motel... a PSYCO lives there!
What do you call peanuts in space? Astronuts!
Why did Constantinople fall? Itstumbled.
We're all big racist time bombs set for "elderly."
Military shouldn't hire people named Will.
Why is "Dick" short for Richard? Genetics.
I don't trust anyone with a beard, especially a woman
This oatmeal tastes like I'm gonna need a doughnut.
I gave up on photography. Couldn't focus.
What did NaCl go to prison for? A-salt
Non-lactating cows are milk duds.
You're never drinking alone if you nickname your ice cubes.
I was bitten by a mosquito today. It sucked.
What do identical stars do? Twin-kle
What did the lizard get at home depot? Reptile.
What do you call a midget party? ...a little get-together.
I learned today that I'm still a reddit noob.
What do you call a silly, apathetic German boy? Agoofaloofagus
A man with dyslexia... Walks into a bra.
I ruined my health by drinking to everyone else's.
What are the spookiest sounds? Skeletones.
What do you call a transvestite in Spanish? HERmano
What do you call a reliable coke dealer? Instagram
What is a Muslim's Favorite Dinosaur??? Allahsaurus!
A dyslexic guy walked into a bra.
TIL that 4/3 people... Struggle with fractions
What kind of weed do muslims smoke? Quranic
What are Aladdin's least favourite biscuits Jaffar Cakes
What's a telemarketer's favourite element? Scamdium.
Thumb war is never the thumb answer.
Spider-man never tweets via iPhone. He's a web kinda guy.
Taylor Swift Stabs Lucky Fan 1,989 times.
What do you call an Asian lobster? A crustasian
WHATS A HIPPY?? THE THINGY WHERE YOUR LEGGIES HANG FROM
whats a pimps favorite cereal? cheeryhoes
Why are crabs always tired? Because they sleep in snatches.
If masturbation lead to blindness internet would be in Braille
The weatherman keeps saying we are getting a pounding. *Followed*
Starting a Mexican boy band named Juan Direction.
title text (optional)
I'll bet your parents hit the JERKpot!
Who is Monica Lewinsky's favorite football player? Clinton-Dix, HaHa!
Why do men masturbate? It's sex with someone they love.
Half-Life 3 is getting made.
I'm already visualising the duct tape across your mouth.
How soft is Bill Gate's pillow? Microsoft.
Whenever I Think Of Books I touch my shelf.
I'm pro-choice; pro-life is for babies.
What do space aliens put on their windows? Venutian blinds.
I'd make an Apple joke... But they'd probably remove it.
I think I put the roofie in the wrong driiiiiiiiiiiiiii
"Sorry dad... my cat ripped your sweater" "Darn it!"
The most attractive thing about you is your gravity.
Love your neighbor, but don't get caught.
What's got two legs and bleed a lot? half-a-dog!
I wonder who coined the term money.
I love drowning... It just takes my breath away.
How do crabs get out of hospitals? On crotches.
What education program did Eric Wright enroll in? ECE
How does a cow do math? With a cowculator!
how much onion does dad use in his bolognese? shallot
What sound does a turkey now make? Coup.
Never telling another baby goat joke again. I'm not kidding.
What do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein
What do you call a sleepwalking Nun? A roamin catholic
CanOfWorms.exe
Who is Shrek's favorite basketball player? Shrekquille O'Neal I'm sorry
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Madeleine McCann
DOES HOLY WATER WORK ON OBNOXIOUS CHILDREN
What do you call a dad butt? Dat ass
Which sex position produces the ugliest kids? Ask your parents.
Real House Wines.
How does a mermaid give birth? By sea-section!
I knew I was old when I opened internet explorer.
Who's the coolest guy in the hospital? The Ultrasound guy
knock knock. Who's there? Lee Lee who? No, Lee hao.
How do farmers party? They *turnip* the *beets*. :/
My brain hurts. That means it's getting stronger. Right?
What's a farmers favourite part of a novel? The plot.
Why did my semen cross the road? The condom broke
Spell Xenophobia H-A-N-S-O-N
What's Goku's favorite subject? Super Science.
I wish vaginas were like MacBooks. Macs don't get viruses.
9/11 Americans Won't get this joke
Complete Guide to Understand Women ...............................
Puberty doesn't hit asians Their parents do.
I wouldn't say I never exercise. Occasionally, my nose runs.
4 out of 1 dentists have multiple personality disorder
The mayor of Baltimore
Did you hear about Trump's import tax assessment? It's tariff-eyeing
mike hawk is huge !!!
What airline allows you to pee in cruise? Wizz Air
How does a barnacle like its martinis? On the rocks.
I'm not gay I just have a dick fetish.
The longest Joke in the world... Is very long.
Why does Russia not celebrate Thanksgiving? Because they hate Turkey
Who is the most famous DJ in Australia? DJ Redo
If two vegetations are fighting... Is it still considered beef?
Son: Dad, how do stars die? Dad: Drugs, usually.
Monster-making as a Hobby by Frank N.  Stine
I don't think my inner child is ever moving out.
My love life. ...
Hey, black forest ham. Stop being so dramatic.
Where are PCs formed? In the computerus.
What's the stupidest animal in the jungle? The polar bear.
call a man vandor of water die because of thirsty
What's Donald Trump's favorite sport, according to CNN? Dodgeball.
What's a Jewish Catch 22? Free Ham.
People make me sick, unless you cook them properly.
If life gives you melons You might be dyslexic
Knuckle tats: (I)(M)(H)(U)(N)(G)(R)(Y)
I was born to be happy... not normal.
Men, what's worse than Satan himself? Satan herself
A pessimist's blood type is always b-negative.
Becoming a vegetarian is a huge missed steak
I have swagger. At least, that's what my deodorant says.
What's Donald's true political party? Whig
What is the nastiest bun of them all A *cinna*bun
Whats the ducks favorite drug? QUACK
Why do dogs lick themselves? Because they can!
When does 2-1=0 ? When you're talking about choices.
why is it called bacon if you fry it
I'm already an idiot, I just need a village
Apples New Featured Release The Fappening.
What do you call a Muslim cowboy? Dirty hairy.
Redimi2 - Bonita - Video Letra/Lyrics hola
What does an Australian witch ride on? A broomerang!
Dads... Are just a bunch of mother fuckers
Spelling errors in quotations make me sic.
Panties are just overpriced wrapping paper.
What does a Mexican duck say? GUACK
Never trust an atom They make up everything.
What is Rickon Stark's favorite band? One Direction
Utopian Socialists have no class.
Oh... Sorry... Did you mistake me for someone who cares?
biggest joke ever? The U.N
*leaves church* *sees McChicken video* *goes back to church*
Why do Jewish people have big noses? Air is free
I'm hooked on abortion jokes, Gladly, they'll never get old.
Beer nuts $1:50 Deer nuts under a buck
How do depressed frogs die? They Kermit suicide.
TIFU by making an overused joke. Reddit
Why can't the Tyrannosaurus Rex clap? Because they're dead
I can't understand Undertale. It doesn't make sans.
What's a pigs favorite morning tv show ? Morning Ham
How Do they say "F**k You" in Hollywood? "Trust Me..."
Whats the greediest nut? a cashjew
What do you call a pile of cats? a Meowtain
What do you call a gay farmer? A jolly rancher!
Samuel L. Jackson should make alarm clocks.
I vote for less election coverage
You'll never guess what my login name is. Constipated.
Down a flight of stairs. That's how I roll. :(
What was John Lennons final hit? The pavement
Dear coffee, I want you inside of me
half life 3 will never come out lmfao got u~
[Inventing Cotton Candy] What if insulation was delicious?
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Blind.
What's a mexicans favorite game? Cross country.
What does an uncircumcised Jedi use?
I SAID I HAD A NEAR DEAF EXPERIENCE
How does a CANDU reactor work? By believing in itself.
What does a blind person read in church? Holy Braille
What food is bad for epileptic people? Seizure salad
How Hitler eat a vegetable? He jew it.
What do whales do on dates? Netflix and Krill
Do you know what beats meat? a hand.
Irritable Bowel Syndrome is genetic. It runs in your jeans.
Dad, I'm thirsty. Hey Thursday, I'm Friday.
"I can't take this shit anymore." --a clogged toilet
Why did Lot leave his wife? She became salty.
Why are yogurt eaters sophisticated? Because they're WELL-CULTURED.
What do you call beef that's been burned? A mis-steak.
Where does Iron Man live? Iron know.
I like my women like I like my coffee. BIG
Three men walk into a bar They all get concussion
Have you heard about corduroy pillowcases? They're making head lines!
what do you call an American Tardis? a reTardis
Gas should cost /gallon. Since the price is irrational.
What is Justin Timberlake's favourite Ukrainian river? The Crimea River.
How can we know atheism exists? Where's the evidence?
A man walks into a bar... and says "ouch"
YO mama is so poor... She can't even pay attention
I like my slaves like I like my coffee Free
My jokes are like cancer Only my dad gets it.
What do you call Mexican potato chips? Oles Potato Chips!
I recently bought an alcoholic ginger beer He wasn't pleased
What's the fastest way to piss off a Starwars fanboy?
What is the worst way to spell Mississippi? Correctly.
What is the opposite of Imagination? I have no idea.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? 7 8 9
Procrastinators unite! tomorrow
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite work of art? Pneumonia Lisa
You wanna know what's lame? Disabled people.
A Werewolf: A Very astute wolf
I wonder if Bruce Wayne ever wears a Batman t-shirt.
What's brownish and runs on oil? Jesus in a hurry.
Who makes coffee for the U.N.? The French Press Secretary!
Why are mosquitos religious ? They prey on you !
A Canadian walks into a bar and says, "Soo-ree." Haha
Chuck Norris uses pens on Scantron sheets.
What animal never forgets national tragedies? the nine-elephant
Having trouble finding paper towels. I need a Bounty hunter.
How do you milk a sheep? With iPhone periph**e**rals.
Confucius say... Difference between camping and being homeless is intent.
What did the surfer say to David Carradine? Hang tight
What's wrinkly and hangs out your pants? Your mother.
What do organic mathematicians throw into their fireplaces? Natural logs.
I only speak Spanish when bill collectors call
People who have quit Reddit, how is life like now?
I totally baby-proofed my house, but one still got in.
How much is twelve units of mass? Dozen matter.
What's the opposite of the Sun? The Guardian.
What's the hardest part of cooking vegetables? The wheelchair
What do you call a group of trees? A communitree
Fun prank: Tell an English major how "impactful" something is.
I don't call it "laziness." I call it "selective participation."
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
How does Jesus make coffee. Hebrews
Just back from that seafood disco. Pulled a mussel!
Where can Grammar Nazis find asylum? Grammargentina
"Barista" is Italian for BA in liberal arts.
What's a cats favorite Mexican dish? A purr-rito
What has seven arms and sucks? Def Leppard
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny Farts
What's red and invisible? No tomatoes.
16 Sodium atoms walked into a bar followed by Batman
What sound does a racist machine gun make? kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Chuck Norris once ate four 30lb bowling balls without chewing.
They asked if I wear boxers or briefs.... Depends
During activities I'm like batteries I'm never included
Which bees produce milk? The boo-bees!
What do you call a nomadic neanderthal? A meanderthal.
What's David Cameron's favourite Shakespeare play? Hamlet.
Whats long and black? the unemployment line.
Why don't nervous vegans visit Germany? They fear the wurst!
What does a Jamaican Liar sit on? Deceit.
What does a gay cow eat? Haaaay!
*corrects your grammar incorrectly, winks at your date*
I have a good joke. Say "Knock knock."
What do you call a fishing hook without barbs? Debatable!
Follow your instincts, into the path of a moving train.
Where do shoes receive their military training? Boot Camp
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh
you read this wrong
Knock knock... [pic]
What's the internal temperature of a Taun-Taun? Lukewarm
How do you make endocrine? Endocrine is not a hormone.
Women are like snowflakes... They can't drive.
What's the problem with North Korea? It has no Seoul!!
Whatever happens tomorrow... ...Thanks Obama.
Did you hear about the emo pizza? He topped himself.
Swallowing glass is a real pane in the neck.
What brand of makeup does cap'n crunch wear C'ereal
Steps to success 1:speak with God 2:??? 3:prophet
I've got a job for Victoria... Well, *had* a job...
Why should you never have oral sex? It really sucks.
What do fat people feel? Hunger mostly...
What does Batman put in his beverages? Just ice.
What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore
Whats the most handiest tool ever? A Hand!
7 days without puns makes one weak.
"A Vegan...like Mr. Spock?" "No mom...that's a Vulcan."
The Bermuda Triangle A.K.A.... Clinton's Inbox
What do Nihilist's believe in...
What is black and doesn't work? Decaffeinated coffee, you racist.
What kind of porn to chickens watch? Nugget porn.
Only ten more American gun massacres until christmas
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-naaaaa
Math never tried to solve any of my problems.
What was the allergic 2"X4"'s terrifying hallucination? He sawdust.
Donald Trump ... ill see myself out
A Sober Irishman... .
Why don't lobsters ever share anything? Because they're shellfish
How did the hacker kill himself? Overddos.
Who is a golfers favorite singer? ...birdy :P
I hear Christian girls give really good moral.
Ironically, the Boogeyman was a terrible dancer.
What is worse than the earthquake in Italy? The Holocaust.
What does a ghost cow say? *wave arms around* MoooooOOOOOOoooooooo
Knock Knock..Whos there? Allah...Allah Who?..Snackbar!
What do you call a women who cant draw? Trace
What do you call a masturbating bull? Beef strokinoff!
God making man in his image was the original selfie
Fellas; There's no heterosexual way of taking a selfie.
If winning was easy, losers would do it.
FORD Fix or Repair Daily.
My wife doesn't like communism jokes. I capitalize on'em.
I'm part indian My ancestors are from the slapahoe tribe.
What does a clam do on his birthday?  He shellabrates!
Knock, knock. Get off my porch!
What rhymes with orange No it doesn't
Shortest One-Liner ever Dwarf shortage
A low battery and full bladder is the new torture.
Driving in London
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Cuatro Sinko
What is Russia's favorite type of pasta? Putinesca
Steve Buscemi makes me regret buying a high definition tv.
What kind of shirts do philosophers wear Soccer tees
What kind of movies do scurvy circles enjoy? rated movies.
5/6 doctors agree... Russian roulette is completely safe!
Ganondorf doesn't use Reddit There are too many Links
Liquor How does a prostitute hold her liquor?
What do you call a controversy surrounding toothpaste. Colgate.
Your momma so dumb she tried to climb Mountain Dew
What followed the Big Bang? The Big Cigarette
What kind of doctors do elephants become? Pachydermatologists
Why are they called hemorrhoids? Because asteroids was already taken.
What do vegan zombies crave? GRRAAAAINS!!
Today is World Alzheimer's Day! Just in case you forgot.
Lisa never talks about her younger brother, Lava Lampanelli.
Ok so we get a deaf cat hear me out.
Knock knock. Who's there? Smell mop.
Hero's don't wear capes, they wear dog tags.
Where do nieces and nephews come from? Aunt holes
A fish swam into a wall... and said "dam!"
Does anyone have any good programming jokes?
What's the most popular white wine All Lives Matter
tell me your jokes
whats got two legs and bleeds..? Half a dog
I should do my own TV series........... Man vs Drink
What's the difference between a politician and a computer? logic
Whats long, green, and smells like pork? Kermits finger
What's better than winning gold in the Paralympics? Legs.
What's the fat person's favourite football club? KFC.
Don't make ebola jokes Some people just won't get it.
What do robots do at the rave? They torque.
Escalators don't break down... they just turn into stairs.
I bought a metal detector. Beach better have my money.
How to eat?
Pussy is like visa It's accepted almost everywhere
Frieza may be cool... But his brother is Cooler!
BDSM browsing reddit... Just a dom looking for a sub.
Current anger level: I am last-beer-in-the-fridge-turns-out-to-be-a-soy-sauce-bottle angry.
Where did Noah keep his termites? In a plastic bag.
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it? 
I like making babies... Unsuccessfully, of course.
What's big, black, and explodes when shaken? A COKe bottle.
What 8 letter phrase means a healthy scratch? Tim Tebow
What does a paedophile do at the beach? Lilo.
What happens to illegally parked frogs? They get toad away.
Whats the age of consent in Thailand? 50$
I'm worried about the calendar... Its days are numbered
Everyone always thinks I'm gay... Even my boyfriend.
Hilary Clinton is elected president ... FTFY
The President gets an Escort...
What do they call fat chicks in France? American tourists!
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit the frogs finger
You know what they say about tapirs?... They're nosey pigs.
If Pobelter played tibia... ...his char would be called Probolter.
What do you call a gay wildcat? A dandelion
Where do poor meatballs live? The Spaghetto.
What do you call 3 Irish tree surgeons? Tree fellas
How do you say nachos in English? Mine.
Do pigs like Backgammon? No they prefer their backs scratched.
How do rain drops marry?  -They coalesce
What's Hellen Keller's favorite color? corduroy
What is Chewbaccas favorite celebrity? Wookie Goldberg
[ORIGINAL] What's a priest's favorite cheese? Swiss. It's holey.
What kind of bird flies around bays? Bagles
I hate gays They're all fucking assholes
Broken Pencils are pointless.
Q: What holds the moon up? A: Moonbeams.
WAIT, THERE'S NOTHING IN THIS AIR AND SPACE MUSEUM!
9. You can fit 9 cats inside an acoustic guitar.
Scientists have found out... after they were shown the exit.
[interview] "What's your greatest weakness?" Superman: Seriously?
Girl: Do you have protection? Me: Um like a sword?
Who's your friend?
What does a Jewish barista do? He brews!
Money is a good servant... ... but a bad master.
Wanna hear a joke? You!
What is stronger than Ronda Rousey? Her anti-depressants.
How do dogs like to have sex? RUFF!
What's the squeakiest ride at the fair? The haunted mouse
"HEY, WHERE'S THAT BOOK?!" (Dewey Decibel System)
What is Bear Grylls' favorite snack brand? Nature's Valley
Are there any medium rappers? They're always big or lil
How do doctors treat mesothelioma? Asbestos they can.
What do you call a horse who likes crackers? Seatriscuit
19 and 20 got in a fight 21
Where does the red teletubby come from? Poland
Whatever doesn't kill you TRIED TO KILL YOU!
a sort algorithm walks into a bar he orders anything
Why does gigahertz? Because megabytez.
What do you call Atheism? A non-prophet organization.
Sign in restaurant window: "Eat now - Pay  waiter."
Selling chewing gum. Mint condition.
A guy forgot to pay his exorcist... He got repossessed.
Do you know what's funnier than 24? *25*
What does Freud like to do with his mum Oedipussy
What's a rabbits' favorite book? Hop on Pop.
why does the mexican take xanax? For hispanic attacks
"I'm not that kind of girl." ~That kind of girl
How did the Fonz die? Ayyyds
Whats the stupidest animal in the Jungle? the Polar Bear
Who called it Scientology and not Cruise control?
Why do Jews have big noses? cuz air is free
What ethnic group do cannibals eat on thanksgiving? Turkish
What is the opposite of a meme? A youyou
Spongebob will get his license before Taylor Swift finds love.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Tyrana**sore ass** Rex
My paper rips a lot It's tearrible paper.
Mummies are basically just zombie burritos.
Knock Knock! Who's there? Eat mop Eat mop who? Hahahahaha
Where do one-legged people go to eat? IHOP.
what aftershave does James bond uses after retirement? Old Spyce.
Great deals on circumcisions, Half off!
Where did Sally go after the explosion? Everywhere.
What do nazis eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles
Nice try, PG-13 comedies.
Where do crows go to buy groceries? Kroger
What's a muslim's favourite game? Goat Stimulator
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering A minor.
Al Gore should start a band and call it Algoreithms.
Want to hear a joke about Nitric Oxide? NO
Who uses a Rubik's Fleshlight? Incubators.
How does french cheese expire? From age
I can't wait til there's a chalk outline filter
I like my beer like I like my violence... ...domestic
What did the FLAC say? I'm an audiophile
What do dinosaurs put on their pizza? Tomato-saurus
OP's sex life.
What do you call a camel with three humps? pregnant
You remind me of someone I'd never like to meet.
Where do you find a paraplegic Where you left them
Waiter, there's an I in my team
Mustaches: they're growing on you.
Shoepidity... wearing ridiculously uncomfortable shoes just because they look good.
What do you call semitic oompa-loompas? Orange Jews
gOOD JOKE Bug run up tree into butthole.
What is a java programmers favorite bird? A BlueJ
I love drinking wine. It's my Riesling for being.
I'm all about fitness fit'ness whole burger into my mouth
a midget started a fight in... a mini-bar
what do you give to the god of shit? Sacrifeces
Why 21 didn't invite his brother for dinner? 28
A mathematician was out with his friends.
Why procrastinate today when you can procrastinate tomorrow?
Why is 6 afraid of 7? racial prejudice
My joke will make you absolute value of zero lol
What do you call a gassy greek? A Fartin' Spartan
Lif's too short
What's Adolf Hitler's favorite letter? Not z, that's for sure.
I had a short prison sentence. ^that was it.
What di you call a snowman in may? A puddle!
What makes a USPS joke funny? The delivery.
Today, I'm going to give it my some.
I'm intelligent but not "make good life choices" intelligent.
What's the convention for big-breasted female clowns? Silly-Con
I'll have a Venti Vodka please.
that I like being lazy more...
I hate pebbles! They are a bitch
I'm giving up eating food off the floor for Lent
Scroll no further, as it only get worse from here...
How did Jesus stay in shape? Crossfit
What thinks the unthinkable? An itheberg.
Domestic Violence 1/10 10/10 with Ray Rice
What do you call a cow masterbating? Beef stroking off
Why shouldn't you shower with a Pokemon? It might Pikachu.
The dogs bark but the caravan moves on.
What do you call a blind German? A 'not-see'.
What is an engineer's favorite Halloween candy? Dork chocolate
My couch has gotten so much ass today.
Sober Irishman
What's a thief's favorite type of armour? Steel armour
Where does a dog go to buy shoes? Reebark
I've never hated a neighbour enough to get wind chimes.
What does mosquito say when its parents die? shhhhhh.....it !!
What do couch potatoes evolve into? Computer chips.
did Darwin predict butterflies would then evolve into tattoos?
Yo mama mouth so big she speaks in surround sound.
What do you call a heard of sperm whales? Bukkake.
Why were the Indians here first? They had reservations.
I created a new word today. Plagiarism.
When a clock is hungry... ...it goes back four seconds.
What's a dog's favorite mode of transportation? A waggin'
How do you best serve burned food? Coal'd.
why did the chicken cross the road 69 ahhahaaha
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work
Why are parents boring? Because they're groan-ups.
There's no mirrors in this self checkout?!?
Why do men prefer blondes? Men always like intellectual company
What's red and crawls up your leg? A homesick abortion.
*holds seashell to ear* new shell who dis
Why is Beyonce a Jew? Because she's a survivor.
Helen Hunt but only when Helen hungry.
What Sea said to the beach... Nothing it only wave
What do you call an accountant without a  spreadsheet? Lost
What will a monster eat in a restaurant?  The waiter.
Why are there 5 syllables in the word "monosyllabic"?
What's a pedophile's favorite writer? dickinson. ^^^sorry.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas
What is a cat's favorite vacation spot? Maui.
Knock knock. Who's there? Gettuda. Gettuda who? Gettuda choppa!
Fun prank: a chameleon exhibit with no chameleon.
whats an english man favourite breakfast cereal Cherry Oh's
There's a easter parade in my pants...wanna go?
Coldplay have been arrested. They played "Clocks".
What do porn stars have and comedians are? Professional Assholes.
I get Bi with a little help from my friends.
"I'll teach you the gropes." -perverted mentor
What is heavy forward but not backward? **ton**
Why wasn't the cat moving? It was on paws
What's do call a masrbating cow? Beef stroganoff...
[posing for mugshot] "now turn forward" [flash] lemme see
Encyclopedias are just ghetto Google.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass.
What type of blood does a keyboard have? Typo.
Teacher: What is the unit of energy? Students: Yes!
How much does a pirate pay for corn? Buccaneer.
How do we fix boxing? We can't. It's already fixed.
What do you call a singing computer? A Dell.
Websites that are similar to Reddit.
What does an egg say when it's drunk? Omelette
I'm what the kids call shitpost
Hedgehogs... Why can't they just share the damn hedge?!
How does a lawyer name their kids? Bill and Sue
What is worse than ants in your pants? ......... Uncles.
The weather data was unclear.
To avoid butterflies in your stomach, don't eat caterpillars.
What's a Saudis favourite drink? Milk sheikh
What do Lumber jacks do in China? Chop sticks!
The Wikipedia entry for 'Toe Injury' is a stub.
"Hey, what time is it?" 9:11
I've satisfied every waitress I've met... With just the tip
What's the hardest part about eating a vegtable? The wheelchair.
The easiest way to create a feeling a suspense. ...
What is brown and sticky? a stick
IPhone 7 headphone jack [removed]
R.I.P. Prince We have truly lost a symbol.
It's not manslaughter if they chew with their mouth open.
I masturbate with soap Just thought I'd come clean.
sisters take a selfie crank http://grabfile.co/189159
Where do gay midgets come out from? The cabinet.
What's harder than rocket science? My dick.
Where did Czechslovakia split up? At the Czech-out line.
Why did the Mexican take xanax? Hispanic attacks.
Submit a joke This subreddit.
What's considered an homemade gift in China? An IPhone.
So a jewish boy walks into a bar mitzvah
What do you get when your iPhone auto-corrects "lardass"? Kardashian
What do you call a Jamaican redditor? [Le]mon
I miss you like an idiot misses the point.
What do you call a drug-addicted canine? A meth lab!
I may be Indian.. ...but damn Curry sucks!
What does a pirate take for his allergies? Aye-drops
What's a philosopher's favorite toy? Play-doh.
I'm getting pretty hungry. I haven't eaten all year!
[During Sex] "Hurry up, this isn't really my house."
Why doesnt Justin Bieber shop at Modells? He loves Dicks
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Licksalottapuss.
What do you call someone who hates Asians A riceist
What do you call an angry reticle? A cross-hair
What's short, but sometimes funny? a short joke.
My boss called in sick of me
This is a motherfucking website. http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/
Me: I'm happy right now. Life: lol one sec
Why are mountains so funny? Because they're hill areas
A Muslim walks into a bar An allahu ak-bar.
Can I get a football meatlong? With please, cheese.
The secret of getting ahead is... not having a rib.
Russian Roulette 5/6 doctors say that its safe to play.
Best actor of all time in human history. Also Starring
Ever tried anal sex? Its fucking shit.
What happens when devil worshipers do the rain dance? PrecipiSatan
I was trying to catch some fog earlier... I mist.
Twitter: Where if the chemistry's good, the geography won't be..
A gay joke Being gay is hard ass fuck
Jokes written by kids (xpost from /r/funny) http://imgur.com/a/hyQna
Never trust an atom They make up *everything*
Ugh, I can't believe our coexist bumper stickers aren't working.
What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun? Luke Warm
What do you call a drunk dinosaur? Stagger-saurus.
What was the pedophile doing on the beach? Just kidding
Animals are better than people because they can't talk
"Pass the joint." -Cannibals at dinner
I wish all black men were like unicorns... gay.
I don't like bone jokes.. I don't find them humerus.
Mystery In an ironic twist, Oscar Pistorious has investigators stumped.
Is fashion all about clothes? Apparelently.
robbing hood http://ts2.mm.bing.net/th?&amp;id=HN.608026807890022015&amp;w=300&amp;h=300&amp;c=0&amp;pid=1.9&amp;rs=0&amp;p=0
Missing Condoms
I walked into a bar the other day... ...ouch
Why is Tylenol white? Because it works
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his friends? Because he's married
Remember, there can be only one interesting person per relationship.
How do you combat espionage? Umbreonage
She was wetter than a down syndromes chin.
What do you call a hooker fart? A prostitoooooot
Wanna measure the coefficient of static friction between us?
What do you call a Mexican child molester? A Pedrophile.
Dragons have tattoos of Asian chicks on their backs.
It's never your successful friends posting inspirational quotes on Facebook.
A 9gag member posted original content
How do porcupines have sex? Very..................... . carefully.
What do you call a baby from Dover? Doverkiin.
Actions speak louder than birds (except for parrots)
How does an astronaut cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What's long and hard and full of semen? A submarine.
CRAZY PRANK!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYmoaJoyZTo
What's pale, lives in darkness and sucks blood? A tampon
Why didn't the scarecrow want dessert? Because he was stuffed!
What kind of shorts do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
I'm not racist... ...I own a colored tv.
What do vegetarian dogs eat? Bark!
What do you call a Dinosaur serial killer? A terror-Dactyl
What kind of shorts do clouds wear? Thunderwears
I think I have a sleeping disorder. It's called children
What did the sheep at the fraternity say? Braaaaaaaah
What email service do gay people use? Hotmale.
Only 90s kids will get this DEEZ NUTS
What is Jesus's favorite gun? A nail gun.
Opening a Christian gym called 'Jehovah's Fitness'
So this baby seal walks into a club... ...
Wanna hear a joke? Women's rights
Vitamin C is Spanish for Vitamin Yes
Keep calm and pretend today isn't Monday.
What is the poor part of Italy called? The spaghetto
What do you call a black Canadian? Just 'Canadian'.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lick-a-lot-o-puss
Dogs can't operate an MRI machine .. .. but catscan
Lindt chocolate... .....is to die for.
I have three kids, one of each.
Dad Jokes Who can make a good dad joke?
Are you a moment of Inertia? Because you're MR (squared)
What do you call a hippo that swears? A hippopottymouth
What do lawyers wear to court? Law suits
I hate pitchers ...They always throw games
Cats love it when you give them a mohawk
BREAKING NEWS: Miami Heat joins LeBron James.
Hey dudes with super big muscles, that's not necessary.
Is it just me, or does hamstring sound delicious?
China's economy is doing perfectly fine. I hear it's booming.
How do you milk sheeps? With Apple accessories.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotapuss.
dark humor What are your favorite dark humor jokes
what does Voldemort call his prostitutes Whorecruxes
Mispronouncing words is kind of my forty
I'm addicted to glue You just get attached to it
A doorbell that whispers "hide."
What do vegetarian zombies eat? GRAAAAAAAAAAINS!!
Say what you want about deaf people... Am I right!?
What US city has the dirtiest frozen waffles? San Diego
What is Apple's CEO's favourite TV show? Lost
Change is inevitable... Except from vending machines
What did Napoleon have up his sleevies? His armies!
Knock Knock who's there? to to who? to whom.
I've lost so many friends to babies.
There is no "i" in "stupid."
What was Pablo Escobar's favourite pool party game? Narco Polo.
Why doesn't Hitler play table tennis? Because he's dead.
What's a young birds favourite game? #BEAK A BOO!
What's a golfer's favourite games console? A PS FOUR!
How does Google celebrate its birthday? With a search party.
What is the rain's favorite medieval reenactment? Storming a castle.
Gay jokes are not funny Come on guys...
Humor: the only thing I like dry.
Guys joking about chemical weapons isn't funny. Syriasly.
The Chicago Bears
What is Harry Potters abortion spell? Fetus-Deletus
What are the hottest days during  summer? Sun-days
*chases cat around the house with a lint roller
You better hope you marry rich.
Afghanistan is just a regular ghanistan that's ghanistan af.
What does a mexican magician make for breakfast? Toast-tah-dahs!
What do you call a bulimic tree? Sycamore!
What do you call a bulimic tree? Sycamore.
What can Santa give away and still keep?  A cold.
What computer monitor sings the best? A Dell.
How do you handle a redheads anger? Gingerly.
Taco emergency ? Call 9 Jaun Jaun
What do you call someone who can't do anything? HR
TRIGGER WARNING National Rifle Association of America
What is half the diameter of a radish? ...the radiush.
A man walks into a bar It hurt
The leading cause of pedophilia worldwide.. Sexy kids.
What do you call a vicar on a motorbike? Rev
What do you call saplings in the army? the infantry
Phantom cellphone vibrations are your dead ancestors calling you.
What's a kkk members favorite beverage? White power aid.
How do you call a gay person from Russia? Sergei.
General Lee didn't have kids? A parent Lee not.
Mary had a little lamb... Boy, was she surprised.
Waking up is the second hardest thing in the morning.
Hey, are you -273.15C? Yeah, I'm 0K thanks.
What is a 72? A 69 with 3 people watching.
I hate being bipolar... But it's also pretty awesome sometimes.
WTF is a palindrome? No it isn't.
Today my friend got a new downstairs neighbor. Herpes
Time flies like the wind. Fruit flies like... bananas!
Discipline in the Home by Wilma Child-Begood
What is brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre.
Jeremy Clarkson is like Marmite Disgusting
Why were Kay's pets scared of Kay? because... K8 K9
Tomorrow is bring your hangover to work day.
Do nomads ever get angry?
What do the jews use to browse the internet? NethanYahoo!
Yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise
What's the difference between oooo and aaaa? about 3 inches
How fast do lesbians have sex? Lickety-split.
What do you call on-again off-again snow in Michigan? Inter-mitten.
Two rules for success 1. Never reveal everything you know
Would a transformer buy life insurance or car insurance?
Whiteboards. They're remarkable.
Two do list: -Do -Do
Why Did Hitler Quit Drinking? It made him angry.
Stop Hammertime
Where does Obama keep his armies? In the Baracks.
"Woo, I'm on a roll today, baby!" -butter
How much penis? Soooo much penis.
I dropped two bucks yesterday... Third one got away.
a useful hat is also a handicap
Anti-joke Knock knock Who's there? No
What do you call a black priest? Holy shit!
What do you call a black priest? Holy shit.
What did Batman say at the deli? Got ham?
Don't judge me. Judge Judy.
Trump doesn't like Pence Because he loves walls.
What has two legs but can't walk? A dead duck.
Don't join dangerous cults Practice safe sects
Donald "Pharmabro" Trump: He wwebsite as on the internet!
What is yellow and lives off dead Beatles? Yoko Ono
Why are goldfish crackers always smiling? Because they're baked..
Chuck Norris' pulse is measured on the richter scale.
Comcast's Customer Service ba dum tsss
How chi was the Olympics? So chi
What does a duck call a tractor? A Quakter
What's grandma's favorite seasoning? Old Bae
What do you call a shitty bungalow? Dungalow.
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
Religion  because thinking for yourself is hard.
How does Lady Gaga like her meat? Raw Raw Rawhahaha...
What are Donald Trumps least favorite food? Mexican jumping beans
"The floor is lava" -Everyone, Pompeii, 79 A.D.
God must have really liked saturn
hear about the gay indian? he's a brave sucker....
How do Alaska CB radio operators say  "10-4"? "5-5-2-2."
Corny Deadpool joke Wolverine has DirecTV. Deadpool has Cable.
Racist marathoners only run 3Ks.
What do you call a Greek skydiver? Condescending
What's blue and doesn't fit any more? A dead epileptic.
What do disgusting people eat? Groceries.
Never marry a drummer... they beat things for a living.
What's the art of having multiple personalities? Acting
I've been diagnosed with chronic fear of giants; Feefiphobia.
Well, you know what they say about cliffhangers...
"Check engine" Yep, it's still there.
Why does Gru speak with an accent? Because he's Arminion.
What's black, white, and red all over? A newspaper.
What's the opposite to Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken!
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
The real reason OP never delivers..
What do you call a Black Abortion clinic? Crime Stoppers.
If the conversation gets too serious take your pants off.
It's called PMS because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
What do rabbis call the leftovers of a circumcision? Debris.
*Checks out grocery item* Grocery item: "I have a boyfriend."
She said no! *sobs tears of joy* -me after proposing
What do you call a naked skateboarder? A scab.
I don't like lollipop ladies... They make me cross.
Who holds up stagecoaches and steals laptop computers? Click Turpin
When do cows go to sleep? When it's pasture bedtime
Where did Stephen Hawking find his wife The vegetable isle
It is not ok to joke about menstruation. Period.
Two Irishmen walk out of a pub.
Dark humor is like food Only some people get it
kids telling dirty jokes http://www.vice.com/series/kids-telling-dirty-jokes best. shit. ever.
Punchline... Joke...
What do you call a vegan wizard? A soyceror.
A man posts an original joke to http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes
women rights
Hello, you've reached 1-800-NARCISSIST, how can you help me?
What goes "Clip"? A one legged horse!
A baby seal walked into a club
Black humor never gets old ...just like african people
I wish Shaq named his daughter Shaqira.
What do you call a terrorist who's always late? 9/12
A bad Workman blames his fools *tools Fucking autocorrect
How do you kill a snail? With an as-salt rifle!
The 1920 Red Sox were completely ruthless...
Black lives matter But only three fifths as much
"Describe 2016 in 4 words" "That's a tomorrow problem"
Bruce Lee's favorite drink Wataaaaa!!!
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
Hair so long she accidentally flushed herself down the toilet
What comes between fear and sex? funf
Ever since Jim got cancer, he's been feeling really crabby
#MakeAFilmUncomfortable Four Wedgies and a Funeral
I like to abbrev.
What does a forward thinking person say? wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Fidel Castro was alive?
feminism .
A Tiny Joke Zack's penis.
What's Gollum's favourite food? Scallops, scallops!
What does a 72 year old snatch taste like? Depends...
What do you call a slutty telescope? A horoscope.
Jokes What kind of bees make milk
Abstinence-only education... Was the first time I got screwed.
[inventor of the piano] Tables aren't noisy enough.
What did the field say to the farmer? Plow Me!
Error 609: When your kid sleeps in between.
[annoyed burglar waking me] you still have a VCR?
who are the shortest people in the bible? The Shuhites
What do astronauts put on their toast? Space Jam.
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
I'm not racist... I have a color TV!
This joke didn't just happen by chance It was punintentional
some jokes in a song. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=cMU-eLxIRj8#!
What do you call a dinosaur with one eye? Doyouthinkhesaurus
What is the punishment for bigamy? Two wives.
Ugh. Sausage puns. They're the wurst.
Why is divorce so expensive? Because it is worth it.
yo momma so ugly her vibrator needs viagra
404 jokes... I just can't find the humor in them.
BAAAAAAAAAAAA! SOWENYAAAAAA! MAMABEATSEBABAH.
What type of condoms does Ronald McDonald use? McRibbed
No officer,YOU`RE going the wrong way.
Life is scary; at least the salary is funny.
What a common problem with r/jokes and FedEx? Delivery
Why did Yellow divorce Red? Because Red Blue Green
What does a sick train say? Achoo Achoo!
What would Economics be without assumptions? Accounting
My uncle is a toilet inspector. He's seen some shit.
How did the electron board the train? It lepton
Where do comedian Eskimos live? A Giggloo.
Are you alone? Because you're showing high interest.
What do you call Aaron Rodgers' generous daughter? Sharon Rodgers
Why don't oysters give to charity? They are shellfish.
I watch Aladdin and root for Jafar.
You can't even? That's odd.
What do you call a fake noodle? ... An "impasta"!!!!
Which dinosaur will never be discovered? The Clitaurus
Diet plan: make friends fatter
What ever happened to Windows 9? Windows 7 8 9.
What do you call a sad robot? A woebot. :(
True irony Ay im Rony!
Two Jews walk into a bar... they buy it.
Wanna hear a racist joke? Donald Trump
Im just an average guy with 2.4 kids.
A neutrino walks through a bar.
What's the square root of 69? 8 something.
How do stoners travel? On the canna-bus.
Here's a joke from Hilary Clintons emails... [deleted]
Stop chicken mass production... You're making them eggs-hausted!
The problem with trouble shooting is that trouble shoots back.
Why was the geologist hungry? He had a large Apatite.
To take revenge, I'LL EAT CHINESE.
How do you increase a pirates morale? mor ale
What is a caterpillar's biggest fear? A dogerpillar.
What is a witch's least favorite food? Burnt steak.
Clickbait Got you.
Couches pull out... I don't
What does Rihanna think of Chris Brown? beats me
For sale: Thick layer of dust As seen on TV.
What do you call the study of butts? Analysis.
What do they call the lottery in Africa? Celebrity adoption.
What do you call a fancy toilet? A dapper crapper
Joke look into the mirror
Siri: Retweet me.
My safe word is "I WANT YOUR BABIES"
There once a website called toogle now it is google
What do you call Hitler on his birthday? Hightler
What's a rapper's favorite candy? Eminems.
What type of overalls does Mario wear? Denim denim denim.
Why do gay clubs float so well? They're flambuoyant.
What do you call a depressed cow? A mooooope
I've been really impressed by igloos. They're all white houses.
How do you say nachos in English?? Mine!
Yo mama so fat... her carbon footprint turned to diamond.
What do you call a magic dog? Labracadabrador.
Comment on every picture of someone's dog, "What is this"
What's Kermit the Frog's favorite song? "Whib It" by Devo.
The Ultimate Spoiler You all die in the end.
What ward does Sauron visit in the hospital? ICU
*sings Hakuna Matata during your meltdown*
Cannibals like to eat... vegetables
Wanna race? Ok, I got white
What starts out happy but ends in tears? Marriage
I love heavy metal. My favourite is lead.
Knock Knock Whos there" Allah Allah who? Allahwho akbar
Imagine us waiting for 2017 but out comes 2016S
The mean Apple Store manager He's a real apphole.
What do you call an anti-vaxxer? Greiving
What is a double-blind study? Two orthopaedists reading an electrocardiogram.
What do they call spiders in the Middle East? Iraqnids
I went Christmas shopping at Best Buy...
Reporter: Sir, how do view lesbian Relationships.?.. Me: Full HD.
How did the Pillsbury Dough Boy Die? A Yeast Infection
8.7328917415 The cube root of all evil.
Germany 7 - 1 Brazil
Definition: Politics Poli (Poly): Many.... Tic(k)s: Blood sucking creatures
One of my favourites Women's rights.
Why is camping so much fun? It's intense!
What do you call an unemployed rasta? Jah bless
What's an ethiopians favourite song. Its raining man.
Jesus' crucifixion was a success... They totally nailed it!
Whoa whoa whoa... I was stalking her first buddy...
Why are there no apps for my pager?
Never trust a person with 2 anuses Because they're biassed
Jesus was obviously white. He even tastes like crackers!
Life is like photography  we develop from the negatives.
A football joke Jose Mourinho
How do cows communicate? Moorse code.
What do yu get when you cross a Jew? Christianity.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
What does a nosey pepper do? Get jalapeno business
What does an aardvark take for ant-digestion? Anta-Seltzer!
Why should you never trust soap? It's an emulsive lyer.
Time flies like an arrow... Fruit flies like a banana.
You know what's nuts? My balls!
Knock knock ...
I have abs...... .....olutely nothing
What's the most overused punchline on reddit? [removed]
Wanna hear a joke? women's rights
[OC] How does Gandhi measure passive resistance? In oooooohms.
What's my favorite machine at the gym? The snack machine.
penis it's funny because I said penis
What dog wears contact lenses ? A cock-eyed spaniel !
My dog failed puppy school. He was always wagging class.
A pencil sketch artists' greatest dilemma..... 2B or not 2B?
Two Vietnamese people got married It was a Nguyen Nguyen
What's gray and comes in quarts? An Elephant
What do you get for stealing a slut's vegetables? Herpeas.
Working with horses is hard but it's stable work.
!false It's funny because it's true
Just wrote a book on reverse psychology... Don't read it!
Where are average people made? The satisfactory
2 Jews walk into a bar.... They buy it.
What's the sexiest thing about the holocaust The shower scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4rM4oj-u3A
A drunk guy walks into a bar KLANG!
LeAnn Rimes No, it doesn't.
How to get on the front page Not like this.
Do not fap on a plane.. Unless you enjoy hijacking
What has 5 fingers but isn't your hand? My hand.
When life gives you melons... ...you probably have dyslexia.
If I had a crystal ball, I'd probably walk differently.
Why was 10 afraid of 7? Because 7 (eight) 9
"That's what" -She
Yes It Is Is Time Travel Possible ?
What is a nudist's favourite alcoholic drink? A daiquiri.
Note: September 2, 2010 will be 90210. Plan jokes accordingly.
What does a 90 year old pussy taste like? Depends.
If bananas have potassium... Does that mean potatoes have banassium?
As a person with alzheimers, all my punchlines are...
What's a clowns favorite thing to do? Children
Who is James Bond's favorite bartender? Michael J Fox
What do you call a Frosty's prostitute? A snow blower
How do you circumsise a redneck Kick his sister's chin
I have the body of a God... ...unfortunately it's Buddha.
My girlfriend is a midget and I'm nuts over her
Dictators dress to oppress.
Starting Salary
Standing up quickly is my Six Flags.
What do you call a communist dog? Karl Barx
To err is human... To admit it is not.
What do mathematicians call retirement? Aftermath
I just ate a frozen apple! Hardcore.
How does Tony Stark keep his clothes wrinkle-free? Iron, man.
I'm converting to Islam for my haram bae
What kind of bees make milk? Milk-makin' bees.
When God made me he was just showing of
Pussy I know some of you don't get it.
Peeing is Foursquare for dogs.
Knock knock Who's there? Owls. Owls who? .................. Exactly!
hi reddit okay bye reddit
Not a joke. I just wish more jokes were shorter.
Which Jedi can save PDF files? Adobe Wan Kenobi
Why can't Albert Einstein drive? Because he never learned.
Paedophiles Pedophiles are really only a minor concern
What do you call an unimportant pachyderm? It's irrelephant.
How many lives does a Nazi cat have? Nein
Do I hate when people answer their own questions? Yes.
Laziness is a dish best served delivered.
What's a pirates favorite class? Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt
What's the definition of "trust"? Two cannibals doing 69.
If you're starved for time, eat a watch.
What goes up and down but does not move? Stairs
What was Spider Man's major in college? Web Design.
RSVP: yes no yes now but then no later on
What does Trump call his immigration plan? Order 66.
What do you call a 20th century grammar nazi? Alt-Write
lol How much did the Holla Caust? 6 Million Jews
Dark jokes aren't everyone's cup of liquefied babies
Literally The Best Joke Ever. The Best Joke Ever.
My jokes are pretty deep Cos they are mine
What is Pi squared? Pop-tart.
I had some stir-fry delivered. I don't really like liver.
No one is listening until you make a mistake.
Make like my dick... and fuck your mother.
What kind of guns do bees use? BeeBee guns
Who are the most intelligent monsters? Zombies (because, Braiiiiiiins!!!)
Where do bacteria go when they die? St. Petri Dish.
Why can't Bane play baseball? He always breaks the bat.
Question: In China... ...is everything "Made in China"?
Me: "Goodnight Bed." Bed: "New foam who dis?"
I'm not good-looking enough to be this stupid.
What type of energy supplement do terrorist take? C4
How do Muslims close a door? Islams it.
does this typewriter come w emojis
How does Tom Brady like his soda? Flat.
A simple guide on how politics works Fuck you
Knock Knock "Who's there?" "Walter White." Of course.
it's my birthday today. IK Fuck you too.
Who invented the round table? Sir Cumference.
What do Polar Bears eat for lunch? Ice Bergers.
Why can't dinosaurs clap? Because they're dead.
"Beat me." said the masochist. "No." said the sadist.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The wheelchair
I love Isis She's my favourite pharaoh.
What kind of transportation does the Pope take? Mass transit.
what's brown and goes through walls? a poopy spooky
What do you call 12 enchiladas? A footilada!
Your cough turns me on "That's sick."
A wise old man once told me... ...to bend over.
I am Dyslexia of Borg Your ass will be laminated.
What city loves to eat sandwiches? Koldcutta
What do you call a floating penis? space junk
What is Donald Trump's favorite album? The Wall
I like my women like Hillary Nasty and exposed !
What do you call a pregnant air hostess Pilot error
I'm saving myself for a girl without pepper spray.
Sometimes I wish life had subtitles.
No Soap. Radio!!!
How do you see fish semen? You Blow-Fish!
When is Independence Day 2 coming out? 9/11
Intelligence is the new cleavage
Food is like dark humour Not everyone gets it
How many nuns are there in a temple? Nun.
Be the change you want to find in your couch.
What is long, hard, and full of seamen? A submarine
What's a dentists favorite time? Tooth hurty
If only Darwinian theory worked on request.
How did Jack get rich? His bean-stock went up.
Jokes about the blind aren't funny. Can't people see that?
What's the most dishonest creature in the sea? The Lionfish.
What is the funniest two legged lizard? The stand-up chameleon.
[answering machine] "Hi Mom, leave a message"
what gets wet when it dries?? a towel
An island for people who tell other people to smile
Nice try, cheese graters, cheese is already great.
What did the Germans name the Israeli Submarine? Das Jude
What do you call a muslim holocaust? Sand Sanitizer.
What Do You Call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer? answer: ash
What's a panda's favorite kitchen dish? A pan....duh
My brother shit himself.... my mom said holy shit
Vagina- jokes are not funny... Period!
I hanged myself for being fat The rope broke
How do Ghosts lay foundations? With a spirit level!
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee, you racist fuck.
What do you call a poor Italian community? a spaghetto.
Where in the world is Comic Sans, Diego?
Help me practice my knife throwing skills. You catch.
Why is Bieber never late? because he's always justin time
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is black
[OC] How does Haskell like his food? Curried.
What do you call a black hitchhiker? Stranded.
How do you propose to a stoner? Marriage ya wanna?
Ok, I'm finally off dairy. Next is sugar, then heroin.
Before Google, there was memory.
How do you organize a Space Party? You Planet!
How does Santa Claus take pictures? With his North Pole-aroid.
What do you call a Mexican baptism? Bean dip
I don't like rape jokes. They're always so forced.
What does Donald have up his sleeve? A Trump card.
Why are clouds like jockeys? Because they hold the reins!
I'm thrilled that you found Jesus. Where was he hiding?
What kind of bees make milk, not honey? Boo(bees)
What is Hitler's least favorite sauce?
What do you call a Chinese billionaire? ChaChing!
If crime doesn't pay... ... than you're doing it wrong.
Come over to the Nerd side... We have Pi.
Women's sports
Why was the plumber sad? He had a shitty job.
What separates man from animal? The Atlantic Ocean.
There really should be awards for getting out of bed.
Science creates airplanes and skyscrapers, Faith brings them together
No one beats the Jackson 5! Except their father.
Thanks for the gold! I'm an optimistic guy.
Where does the king keep his armies? in his sleevies!
What do africans wear on their heads? Ebowla hats
Ok, but like, how married are you?
TIFU by clicking on a useless post.
Why can't Helen Keller drive? Cause she's a woman.
"...said no one ever," said everyone ever.
What was the last thing Beethoven accomplished? Decomposing
How often do I think about Keira? Knightley.
What's a math teacher's favorite TV show? Sinefeld
A committee is twelve men doing the work of one.
Happy April Foo... ...oh shit
If straight people use Tinder, what do Germans use? Hitler
How do trees get on the Internet? They log in.
My wife dresses to kill. She cooks the same way.
What does the nosey pepper do? Get jalapeno business!
Awful Purim Joke Grogger? I hardly knew her!
A jem of a joke You
What is white and goes up? A stupid snowflake
I really hate faulty vacuums. They suck!
What's a boxers favorite joke? Punchline.
What lights up a soccer stadium? A soccer match.
For Follow Friday I recommend Saturday.
How do you make dill bread? Dill dough.
What's black and full of holes? Michael Brown
So today I finally got my license... to krill!
Just read it Just reddit
What's Jewish and runs? The Diarrhea of Anne Frank
Yet another Clinton picks heads Over tail.
What's ET short for? Because he's only got little legs.
If you are reading this, you are not Floyd Mayweather.
Too Soon? I heard the Black Friday deals were amazing.
Why is diarrhea hereditary? Because it runs in your genes!
What's a python's favourite pop group ?  Squeeze !
Best Jocks https://www.reddit.com/r/Reddit50/comments/3p9d9z/girl_you_remind_me_of_an_alarm_clock/
Why does the NBA finish in June? She likes it.
BB8, are you hungry? No, BB8.
What do nerdy mermaids wear? Algae-bras
What do you call a sour black guy? A vinegar
What do you call an Alaskan hooker? A frostitute.
I just slept with Pinnochio. No strings.
Why do people starve? When food tastes so good.
A Amish scientist...
What is currently the greatest crime in China? Identity theft.
Happy 34% of Americans Tuesday.
Something disturbing came in the mail today... ...my mailman.
She puts the hot in psychotic
A dodgeball player died recently... He will be missed.
What are gay people's favorite pizza? Meatlovers.
Haters gonna have a valid point sometimes.
Oh science, oh science, oh science!!" ~An atheist having sex.
home is where the pants aren't
Can we survive without whales? No whey.
What music do cats prefer? Deadmau5
Feudalism It's your count that votes.
"I have a hunch." - Inspector Quasimodo
Be right back. -Godot
Santa Clause for Halloween. Axe Murderer for Christmas.
Why did Hitler kill himself? He saw the gas bill.
My friend Gerund is from Ingland.
How to sound Australian. Say "good eye might" aloud.
What is Saddam Hussein's favorite band? My Chemical Romance
I spilled spot eraser on my dog... Now he's gone.
Ever tried 77? You get 8 more.
Why is Ian Thorpe gay? He didn't like breast stroke.
What was Hitler's favourite colour? Braun.
"Okay--don't get cancer." (My response to "Have a safe flight.")
ho ho ho pimp.
How does Michael Jackson Beat It? With the Jackson Five
What do you call poppies from eastern Africa? Ethiopium
What do you call a struggling artist? Baroque.
Leonardo.... NoOscario
What brings a Jewish family closer together? The bristles
Which actor is resting in pieces? Alan RIPman
"Musically,I was inspired by the fax machine." - Nicki Minaj
Never date a girl named Autumn because she'll leave you.
The best joke on reddit (OC)
"You wanna play the rape game?" "-No!" "-That's the spirit."
Abraham Lincoln was better at finishing plays than the Seahawks.
Cashier: Smile! Me: Worry about your own face.
What's another word for slaughterhouse? Lumbar mill.
What sea creature is the most self-centered? A shellfish
How did the hipster drown? he jumped in the mainstream
What is Mortal Kombat fans' favorite Nigerian state? It's Kano.
Why was the mushroom happy? Because he was a fungi.
What do you call a faked pregnancy? A misconception.
What did baby corn say to mama corn? Where's popcorn?
Gay jokes aren't funny Come on guys...
TIL Lewis Black is still alive.
"If you like Google Glass, also try Bing Chewables."
How often does jet fuel melt steel beams? 9/11
What's a good treatment for insomnia? Bill Cosby
What kind of bird does 2 Chainz own? Toucan
What's a zombie's favorite snack? Fritos
List of the best jokes on this sub: https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3x7nqa/list_of_the_best_jokes_on_this_sub/
I should have just named my dog "Password".
How do you make a hormone? You don't pay her!
What did the spice scream during sex? Thyme cumin!
What do you called an unemployed Jamaican? Jah Bless
Where do cousins come from? Ant holes
Three dyslexics walk into a bra...
What's Bill Cosby's favorite cheese? Camembert.
*stares off into the distance* Distance: I have a boyfriend
You're fat Don't sugar coat it, you'd eat that too
Decaf means something is very, very Dec.
What's a zombies favorite exercise? Deadlifts
"Thanks, you've been a wonderful host!" - Viruses
Before you wreckyourselfvakia Czechoslovakia
What did Anakin give to Padme for christmas? Sithilis
"Shoot for the moon, land among the stars" -dead astronaut
America is 5 wars away from receiving a free one.
What do you call a fish with no eye? Fsssssssh
My heart hurts when you're not around *buuurrrrpp* Never mind
How do you make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles
Right now Chuck Norris' pumpkin is carving itself
Woman equalities.
What do Chinese bears use to cook? A pan. Duh!
For lunch today I ate three lunches.
A Baby Seal Walks Into A Club
What do you call a dog magician? A Labracadabrador.
I am Poliachi Man laughs, roll on snare drum
I hate when I can't understand what I'm eavesdropping on.
I watch doomsday films like there's no tomorrow.
How did the cheerleader get magic AIDS? A Magic Johnson.
What Pokemon would you catch in Rio De Janeiro? Zikachu.
In Elevator... Ask "What would Ray Rice do?"
Where does napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory
Why did the lizards get a divorce? A reptile dysfunction
How do you say "Fuck You" in Yiddish? Trust me!
Penny for the Ruble...oh wait never mind!
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson!
Why can't Sluts Count to 70? Because 69's a mouthful!
What's the hardest part of making monster soup? Stirring it.
How to give a woman an orgasm? Dream harder.
So I broke my Nokia today.
How do you weigh a whale? On Whale Weigh Scales.
What's a neckbeard's favourite country? M'laysia
What is an autograph? A chart which shows car sales.
I like my women like I like my cheese Aged.
What do you call John Cena in camouflage? Redundant
What do Brooklyn and pantyhose have in common? Flatbush.
How do the Jedi imprison Siths? With force-fields
What's the simplest way to prevent rape? Consent.
Instagramming daily selfies does not constitute personal growth.
What's a SJW's favorite maths topic? Triggernometry
Do you fall for 'click bait'? Yes.
What is a buddhist's favorite pizza? One with everything
What is my favorite street sign? Slow children.
What's a Muslims favourite animal? Its Lamb
%3. Ask Questions. 4. Use the  face.
What do you call a self-absorbed trumpet player? Brasshole
What do you call a slutty dinosaur? A tricerathot
Guess who opened for Justin Bieber... The teenage girls.
I like my hippies like I like my Karma. High.
Why was the archeologist sad? His career was in ruins.
How do you make a hormone Stamp on her foot
What language do fast talkers from Moscow speak? *Rush*ian!
What is the boogiemans favorite dance move? the boogie
Two peanuts walk into a bar. One was assaulted.
If Trump becomes president, I'm moving to Pakistan! hehehehe......
What is an epileptics favourite food? Seizure Salad
My love life
What did Delaware? A New Jersey
"I'd hit that"- me, to rock bottom
Have you seen bofa lately? Bofa deez nutz
A rabbit's favourite Christmas song? 'Lettuce with a gladsome mind'
Want to hear a good pee joke? Well urine luck.
What's an otaku's favorite transition metal? Manga-nese!
Taliban Airways We make sure your flight is a blast.
A woman walks into a bar... ...and ruins the joke.
Your sex life It doesn't exist
40 Theoretical physicists walk into a bar Or did they?
"Sorry I put my nuts on your desk."
What is Batman's least favorite ice cream? Vanilla Bane!
Two men walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
What's a redditor's favourite sword move? Riposte!
The inauguration is today... Trump: Unprecedented Obama: Un-Presidented
If you eat guns, you'll sweat bullets. It's science.
Two reposters are in a plane crush. Who survives? Reddit
"Benjamin Button" *"Benjamin who?"* "Benjamin" *"Who's there"* "Knock knock"
What caused The Black Death? The police.
In Canada, Miles Davis is known as Kilometers Davis.
TIFU by Posting in the Wrong Subreddit Twice
What's black and white and dead all over?
How does Moses make tea? Hewbrews it.
how did the Imam order his dessert? Allah mode
Jehovah's witnesses tell the worst knock, knock jokes
Lmao this joke has no punchline because Ellen Pao
Greatest Joke on all of Reddit Is this subreddit
I had a blind date tonight Her name was 
Yer man's no chicken anyways... Who's no chicken? Donald duck.
What do you call a quadriplegic Canadian? A Can't-adian!
Your face. There's a bat for that.
What's the difference between pink and purple? The grip.
your mom's so fat her nickname is "damn!"
Yo mama's soo ugly.. One Direction went the other way.
I think this belongs here. Mitt Romney
What's a bicyclists favorite letter? A! (hands raised up)
Who get's the best grades? A-sians
I went on a long bicycle ride yesterday.  Farcical?
"I've never told a joke" "Are you serious?" "Always."
What do Brits call a fleshlight? A blowtorch.
Out here in Compton searching for Wiggachu #PokemonGo
What medicine do you take if your butt hurts? Assprin.
The world is my oyster. Expensive and gross.
Where do you find 100 fat cows? At bingo
I know a great knock knock joke. You start.
So, my wife makes moonshine.... ...but I love her still.
[For HindI speakers] What is the loneliest fruit? A kela
Why aren't there any black magicians? Because magic is stupid.
*CAN'T OPEN THE PICKLE JAR* SHERLOCK: (suspiciously) Moriarty...
The shortest joke in the world 'Dwarf Shortages'
Its girls like u that cause global warming!
Salt movie review Gave me hypertension, 16/10.
What do you call the runs in space? The floats
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Why was Yoda afraid of 7? Because 6, 7 8.
If Ice T got killed He'd be called Iced T.
What's a pornstars favorite drink? 7 up in cider
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother!
What do you call an existential lycanthrope? A whywolf.
How do dog catchers get paid? By the Pound!
/r/jpegs A place for an assortment of quality pictures /r/jpegs
When did John McEnroe arrive at Wimbledon? About tennish.
"I'm not racist, but," -Racists
What's ET short for? His stupid little legs.
Seven Bar Jokes Involving Grammar and Punctuation http://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/seven-bar-jokes-involving-grammar-and-punctuation
What do you call a milf barista? Joe Mama
Want to hear a good joke? Me too.
Dad, what is a cross-dresser? Ask your mother, he knows.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAAAAAAND EYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Camo Bulletd You know, so they do see it coming!
So ladies, Oscar Pistorius is single... and he is ...
A man walks into a bar Ouch -badumtiss-
Society: Be yourself. Society: No not like that
My job is secure. No one else wants it.
What did the Nutzies say to their leader? "Heil Dickler"
some bitch dyke... ...filled up my mentions fggot fucker
I'm not exactly Jew. I'm just Jewish.
Looking for a flexible babysitter. My girlfriend only does missionary.
Why do Americans hate knock knock jokes? Because Freedom Rings.
What mental illness does Hank Hill have? Propanic Depression
Jamiroquai because Jamirosad.
What do you call a joke without a punchline??
The only thing better than iPad... ...is an iTampon.
How does a Jewish guy make beer? Hebrews it. :)
Good news for insomniacs! Only one more sleep until Christmas!
"I'm going to be famous one day" -Unknown
When's a dentist's favorite time? 40 hours
Here's a joke ... College fees.
Where do cousins come from? Aunt holes
*yells from space* Did you kill that spider?!
What's a pirate's favorite thing about turning 65? AArrrRP
What does daenerys give to tyrion? A hand job
6:30 is the best time on a clock... ...hands down.
What did the drunk egg say? O'm lit!
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
You know what I hate the most about suspense?
What do you call a broken snake? A reptile dysfunction.
How do lesbian couples celebrate their anniversary? By eating out.
KNOCK KNOCK Who's there? JESUS Jesus who? EXACTLY
What do Nazis have for breakfast Luftwaffles
When does one plus one equal three? Nine months later.
I like my women just like Apple... Manafactured in China.
Never trust a screw... ... They might turn on you!
[meeting the parents] Do you have one in blonde?
An Irishman walked out of a bar
There's no b,c,d,f,g,h,j,k,l,n,o,p,q,r,s,u,v,w,x,y, or z in team either.
I'd expect Captain America to be fatter.
What's big and brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
Sometimes I worry that pizza isn't a real sport
I'm so bright My mom calls me her sun
Friends are like trampolines. I've always wanted a trampoline.
I hate those Russian dolls They're so full of themselves.
What do houses eat when their breath stinks? Apart Mints
How do you annoy a Redditor? [deleted]
Hockey: because running on knives makes sense.
What do you call Watson when Sherlock isn't around? Holmeless.
What do you call a dog with iron balls? Sparky.
Did you hear that joke about mosquitoes? it's malarious.
One Direction.
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon? Ten-ish.
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
No Auto-correct, I never meant "Relationship Goats".
What do you call a brain dead Swede? A vegetable..
What do you call a Pokemon with a STD? Vulvasoar
Dear diarrhea, You're a piece of never-ending shit.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
What is a pedophile's favorite musical note? A Minor.
"Stop hitting me." -Rock bottom.
Pessimist: This can't get any worse. Optimist: Yes it can!
Indie-Tarts: the nuanced alternative to Pop-Tarts.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? He was dead.
What's a pirate's favorite subreddit? /r/matey
Lets give each other cute nicknames like, 'Plaintiff' and 'Defendant'
i didn't get your text because i'm lying
Damn girl, are you today's date? Cause you're 10/10
Profanity is the crutch of the inarticulate motherfucker.
When do chickens stop laying eggs? Henopause
Rohypnol.......
What is Jamaica's favorite TV series? The Walking Dread
My dog forgot it's mother's day, again.
How many sad soccer fans are there today? A Brazillion...
What do you call patriotic pubes? A Merkin.
That's the problem with exhibitionists. They're fucking everywhere.
How do you defend your breath mints? Tic-Tactically.
How do you seduce a fat woman? Piece of cake.
why does the NSA hate blizzards? Because they get Snowden.
They call me Big Dick But im average at best.
What's the best angle to tackle a problem? The try-angle
What is Donald Trump's favorite river? Denial.
[E] open box [empty]
You know how racist make their pancakes? With white powder.
I do my best proofreading right after I hit send.
My calculator sucks It always gives me the wrong answer
What do you call a small Mexican? A paragraph.
What's a mathematician's favorite plant? The geome-tree!
What was Hitler's favorite Yugioh card? Blue Eyes White Person
Who performs the most assisted suicides. Youth in Asia.
What is agitated buy joyful? A washing machine
'Ukraine's crisis has been caused by the west.' - Putin
I have diabetes.... There's no sugar coating it.
What did the abortionist have for breakfast? Scrambled eggs =p
There is one rule to Tennis Love means nothing
I'm thinking of writing a Mystery novel... or am I?
What do you call Batman who skips Church? Christian *Bale*
What is Hellen Keller's favorite color? Corduroy.
9/11 never forget 11/9 always regret
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Baraccoli
Menstruation is NOT a laughing matter. Period.
Worst place to buy condoms? A church. They're holy.
Almost 10,000 tweets, guess who's not Employee of the Month.
What is a chinese homosexual videogamer called? Gay Ming
What is Julian Assange's favorite vegetable? WikiLeeks.
Fucking dirigibles.
"Where will you see yourself in 15 years?" A Mirror
What has 6 eyes but cant see? 3 blind mice.
What do you call a cock blocker? A knobstacle.
Three crows walk into a bar HL3 confirmed.
Me: let's go this way. Shopping cart: no.
In general, the wronger it is, the louder it's shouted.
Everyone, stop with the Jell-O jokes. They're off-pudding.
Why are Communists bad Java programmers? They don't like classes.
What does 90 year old vagina taste like? Depends
Knock knock. *Yodelayhe
Where do astronauts leave their spaceships?  At parking meteors.
The jerk store called. Instead of texting. Typical
World's Funniest Joke? Women's rights!
What's brown, smelly and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
What do you call a monkey in a minefield? BABOOM!!
Physics! What hurts really bad? Frequency!
Who sews really really fast? Tailor Swift
Why are fat couples always so close? Gravity
Why would anybody ask me anything when google exists?
What's the coldest type of reptile? Blizzards.
Always identify who to blame in an emergency.
Impress an Asian chick by treating her as an equal.
What's Super Mario's favorite type of jeans? Denim Denim Denim
My humour is so black... ... it started picking cotton.
What do you call a mexican baptism? Bean dip.
Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo Drizzle..
An Elderly Couple were Watching TV They died.
Women can fake orgasms... But men can fake love.
Clitorusaurus: A dinosaur never discovered by man
Stranger: nice to meet you Me: give it time
So a baby seal walks into a club....
What did the dog say to the tree? Bark
What does a flame smell like? Burnt nose hair.
Stephen Hawking masturbating  Now there's a stroke of genius
What's white and 12 inches long? Absolutely nothing.
How did the hairdresser escape? John Frieda.
What does Edgar Allen Poe call his women? Edgar Allen's......bitches!!!
Chuck Norris... Walks up the elevator.
Where's the feminist world headquarters? Bancock
Xanax: For Hispanic attacks.
VLUT = A Virgin that act's like a SLUT
What does 80 year old pussy taste like? Depends.
What's E.T. short for? He's only got small legs.
Rap is 75% Crap.
Some Penguins Went to a Bar Waddle they do next?
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
You know you're drunk when the cat barks.
I have sex daily. I mean dyslexia.
Black dads
What's a blonde's favorite color? A light shade of clear.
What do you call a cow that masturbates? Beef jerky.
How do you play Taliban bingo? B-52...F-16...B-1..
Q. Why do men like smart women? A. Opposites attract.
Jethro's logical logic Classic from Jethro, [Logical Logic](http://youtu.be/lMBVMyXaCng)
Some relationships today will end over a "Like" on Facebook.
"What's green and eats nuts?" "Syphilis!"
If I'm a baker, you're the dough.. I knead you.
What kind of computer can also sing? A Dell.
Under a bridge, harassing goats. That's how I troll.
My housemate threw milk on me... how dairy.
Any recommendations for a new chiropractor? Dr. Reece Etmabak.
The American education system. That's it. That's the joke.
*turns on alarm* Alarm: I have a headache
A Joke walks into a bar And everyone laughs!
Sex jokes aren't funny, I mean cum on people.
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they.
Why can't Helen Keller drive? She's dead.
Why doesn't Ed got a girlfriend? Because Sheeran away.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaaaaiiiins......
What did the blonde medical student die from? An aneurysm.
Chewbacca told everyone about my sex change operation. Damn wookieeleaks
I thought Instagram was a cocaine delivery service.
Here's a really old one I
If watermelon exist why doesn't earthmelon,firemelon and airmelon? The elemelons.
Both my ends are business ends.
What car does Jesus drive? A Chrysler
Why did the nun always wear a slip? Sheer habit.
Not ordering French fries counts as exercise, right?
What did the homeless got for Christmas? Hypothermia.
What is Harper Lee's favorite alcoholic drink? A Tequila Mockingbird.
Which insurance company does Bernie Sanders use? Progressive.
Level of drunkenness: fed the ATM pizza.
He: is this love or what? She: What.
"I used to be the Internet!" - The Library
Twentieth Century Fox should really consider updating their name.
Whats does Copy pasta taste like? The same
Anyone else get the feeling their being watched? NSA: They're.
Sometimes having an extra chromosome... really gets me down
Where do seagulls live? Shit, wrong subreddit.
Who has the largest pupils? A sumo instructor.
Two drums and a symbol fall off a cliff... [www.instantrimshot.com](http://instantrimshot.com/classic/?sound=rimshot)
What is the sound of a homophobic magician? "POOF!"
What do you call an onion with no shoes?
I once had a llama.
"Flatulence is not an emotion." -me explaining feelings to boyfriend
What language do teapots speak? Teabrew.
Why don't kleptomaniacs understand metaphors? Because they take everything, literally.
I just taught the dance floor a fucking lesson.
I have two problems in my life. My math sucks.
What's the president's favorite vegetable? Barack-oli
Why do we sleep? Because we get sleepy.
Hey hot single dads; I wanna call you daddy too.
Hitler didn't like oranges. He hated the juice.
Whaddya call a know-it-all from Europe? a Shure-opean
"Can you describe your self in two words?" - Lazy.
What is Hitler's favorite type of food? Not Seafood
What's the holiest, French color? Sacred blue!
What do you call a fascist fish? Gill Duce.
What kind of liquid does a pig's printer use? oink
I spilled water on my computer. 0/10. 10/10 with rice.
Lettuce, tomato, onion, green peppers... Wrong sub.
What is worse than Spygate? Deflate-Gate
Where do witches and wizards shop? Voldemart.
Why are ducks funny? Cause they be quacking jokes
I fear for the calendar... ...its days are numbered.
Where does a homosexual Southerner live? In dick-sea land
"OMGJK" -atheists
What body part never seems to win? The feet.
Who does batman love the most Bae-ne
What's dark, and usually involved in crime? A balaclava.
knock knock whos there?
What do internet pirates have on their legs? j.pegs
What do you call a republican fashion director? Clothed minded
What does a mermaid mathematicion wear? An Algae-bra.
What sound does a Polish crow make? Krakow
A day without sunshine is like, night.
What do you call a rapper will killer abs? 6Pac
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Why is divorce so expensive? Because it is worth it..
Opinions are like assholes... I'd rather not hear yours.
What kind of baseball do burgers play? Ketchup baseball!
What vehicle does a baker drive? A Winnebagel
What does an educated owl say? Whom.
The best joke about Kim Jong Un [removed]
What is Darth Vader's least favorite band? Faith No More
There's a name for people without beards Women
What is Putin's favorite Justin Timberlake song? Crimea River...
Like most people my age, I'm 23. .
How come lesbians can't be vegan? They all eat pussy.
Victoria Beckham got her twat shaved. He still looks ridiculous.
Want to hear a pizza joke? It's pretty cheesy.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr Dre....
Stand up... Comedy
I can't stand being in a wheelchair.
Autotune is the new 80s saxophone.
What's the most unsatisfying prank?
What do you call a Slavic spouse? Czech-mate
Why was the black person sad? Police Brutality
I tried to explain what integers are It was pointless
How are socks like Boy Scouts? They always come pre-paired.
Who's the world most famous blacksmith? Will Smith
What martial art do cows practice? Moo-thai.
How did Mark Zuckerberg meet Miley Cyrus? Social net twerking
What's a woman's best curve? Her smile.
What's the difference between a midget and a dwarf? Little.
Lesbian dinasour What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?  Lickalotapuss
Which war had the most overweight soldiers? VietNOMNOMNOM
What do vegan zombies say? GRAAAAAAINS!
What's yellow and can't swim? A bulldozer
So an Irishman walks past a bar...
Where does an 800 pound gorilla sleep? With the fishes.
What's the worst smell in the world? An anchovie's cunt.
What does a Pirate prefer to wear? Doublet or nothing.
What do married people do for fun? Get divorced.
What's the thing u don't tell a vampire? Bite me.
What kind of game are Americans worst at? Tower defense.
Did you hear about those chicken proof yards? They're impeckable.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off
Good news for insomniacs Only 3 more sleeps till Christmas!!
Chuck Norris counted to infinity Twice!
Where did Josef Stalin watch pornography? On Redtube.
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs.
What is a feminist's least favourite Maths topic? Trigger-nometry.
What happened before the Big Bang? The Big Foreplay.
If you saw a heat wave.... Would you wave back?
What do you use to buy drinks? Bar tender
"These mushrooms aren't poisonous!" - Somebody's last words
What should you take for stomach pain? A shit
I think, therefore I'm single.
Van Gogh was the original selfie king.
What's better than tennis? Elevenis
I wonder if meat-packing plants charge for services rendered.
Missionary Impossible: When 2 fat people try to have sex.
Want to get noticed? Go jogging without moving your arms.
What do you call a female comedian? not funny
A Jew walks by a penny
What's the difference between a pest and vermin? Walt Disney.
Only smart, good-looking people will "like" this status.
What's the meaning of life? Why don't you google it?
What comes after Z? A question mark.
How do Italian Chefs swap recipes? By Spaghett-e-mail!
Something on Valentines Day I just don't get... Laid.
What's green and smells like pig shit? Kermit's finger.
Throwing glass is wrong in some peoples eyes.
What do you call a ghost in spring? April ghouls
A man walked into a bar. Ouch!
Why was the man sued by his horse? For palomino-money!
What is a Muslims favorite type of vinegar? BalIslamic
Donald trump runs for president
Earlier today I had a Titanic thought. It was *unthinkable*.
"Please stand for the Paralympic anthem."
Are there any other animals besides humans who communicate unnecessarily?
What do they call pita bread in Mexico? Pita pan
What do rednecks do for Halloween? Pump-kin
Did you hear Rolf Harris is dyslexic? rofl
Bunnyprofessor
I love dating umpires. I always feel safe.
Jack Daniels just came in my mouth.
What do you call a well-behaved Indian takeaway? A proppadom
What is every Amish woman's dream? Two Mennonite.
If a stranger offers you a piece of candy...take two.
What do gay guys call hemroids? Speed bumbs.
What do you call Al-Qaeda's April Fools prank? A jihahahad!
What music service do potatoes like to use? Spudify.
What spice is the most welcoming? Cumin
Popcorn What did baby corn asked mummy corn? Where's popcorn.
Why don't computers have any brothers? They are all trans-sisters.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle...
What kind of batteries does a Harvard undergrad use? AAA
No, YOUR stupid.
Self-defecating humor..... ...are just shitty jokes about yourself.
What insect can be spelled with just one letter? Bee.
How many people live in South America? A Brazilian.
She let me ram that ass shit was so cache
There's nothing sadder than a bald eagle with a combover
"Vitamin Water"?? Sorry bud, that exists and it's called SOUP
What is white and square? A ping pong block.
A guy walks into a bar Ouch
Why don't SJWs like Reddit? It's a real cispool.
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven acht nein.
Some people age like wine, others age like milk.
What does Sonic say during Ramadan? Gotta go fast
"She is not fine." ~Sun Tzu
I can turn water into Kool-Aid. Your move Jesus.
Me: I'm happy right now. Life: lol, one sec bro
What does a frog do when it's sad? Kermits suicide.
Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? Because sheep can hear zippers.
An opinion without 3.14 ...is just an onion. 
Brain: We got this!! Body: Yeah, no we don't
There's a fine line between numerator and denominator.
are everyone all al'right no! you are all al'left
I love telling dad jokes He laughs every time.
Why are blondes terrible at telling jokes, timing.
What do you call an angry German? Sauerkraut.
Want to hear a funny joke? Women's rights.
Why did Hitler need glasses? He could NAZI
Why do melons have fancy weddings? Because they cantelope!
MAST JOKES:    http://mastjoks.blogspot.com/2013/01/blog-post_7068.html#.UQVQ48OF1Jc.reddit
Teacher: What is Ba + Na2? Pupil: Banana.
The only joke my mom ever made was me
what's pink and hard?... Micheal Jackson...still.
How do cows move in groups? Si-MOO-taniously
What's a neckbeard's favorite asian country? M'Laysia
Can we install an *eyeroll* button on twitter?
What brand of butter do frogs eat? Country Croak.
*gets naked* *gets baked* *doesn't get why they don't rhyme*
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it!
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
What makes a black joke funny? A grape punch line
What magazine makes cows stampede to the newsstand? Cows-mopolitan!
"I'm wet and have crabs." That's what sea said.
This is awesome. Must watch! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMDasvrKXdM&amp;list=UUoSaAvzfqFYlMCBrBDCLiRg
Sex is like dark humor Not everyone gets it.
Sisters thinking of joining isis are infatuated with i products.
r/atheism That's the joke.
Namast'ay Away from negative people.
A good pun... A good pun is its own reword.
I got a job crushing cans... ...It's soda pressing...
Why do feminists hate rubbing the body? Because it's massage-gynistic
The Edmonton Oilers
What's a Jew's favorite brand of hotdog? Anne Frank's
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a DM.
Senior high school picture...they weren't ready http://www.today.com/news/teen-comes-out-closet-hilarious-senior-quote-t25881?cid=par-huffpost-gravity
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
I invented a new word! Plagiarism.
What's all pent-up and missing a cunt? Chelsea Manning.
9 out of every 3 people suffer from math illiteracy.
What did the gay Zombie crave? BRIANS.
Here's a FedEx joke Actually, you'll get it tomorrow
What did a Mexican take Xanax for? For Hispanic attacks
Gay jokes aren't funny Cum on guys.
I hate going left Because it's just not right.
What's a Tijuana hooker's favorite president? El BJ!
Where do otters come from? Otter Space!
But I'm the good kind of abomination, right???
Why do bananas wear suntan lotion? Because they peel.
What do condoms prevent? Minivans.
Just ordered some cops for my neighbours.
Made you read this Gotcha
Hostage or not, sometimes it's just nice to be held.
3 guys walk into a bar... The 4th guy ducked.
What do Mormonism and LSD have in common? Dyslexia
Why was the tomato red? It saw the salad dressing.
What is a mattress' favorite season? Spring.
I tried fixing my muffler today... ...well, it's exhausting.
There should be a.... Women's rights music group called Feminem.
What kind of star wears sunglasses? A movie star.
What are an Italian bench warmer's favorite vegetables? Asparagi!
How does a muslim close a door? Islams it.
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
iOS 8 fail.
A man walks into a bar... "Ouch!"
Who wants gold? amuse me first...hahaha
What's a terrorist's favorite type of game? An RPG
Grammar Nazis have typo negative blood.
Whats long, brown and sticky? A stick.
Edgar Allan Poe Because Edgar Allan Got No Job
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? Roaming Catholic.
Q: What does a blonde owl say? A: What, what?
A blonde goes to a target And misses.
Who is Donald Trump's favorite action star? Sylvester Small-Loan
what's Forrest Gump's password 1forrest1
Which day do chickens fear most? Fryday.
A fax machine is just a surprise printer.
CNN: The boy who cried Breaking News.
It seems that all my cans of whoop-ass are expired.
[NSFW] What is the difference between two towers? A plane
Paper is so terrible...
The music of life needs more cowbell.
I'm fluent in Mandarin said the orange.
Baby your dirtier than my browsers history!
I am writing my first Buddhist musical, "Hello Dalai... Lama".
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A Roman Catholic
What did sushi A say to sushi B? WASABI!!!
What day do fries hate the most? Friday
What is the worst part about an unfinished joke?
Just breathe and eat a banana. Everything will be OK.
Be yourself; everyone else is already Batman.
I caught my nephew doing drugs with me last night.
I don't like tacos Said no Juan ever.
Women's soccer
Armadillo The world needs more armed dillos.
What blod type am I? Type-O
It's not premarital sex If you never get married
What does an 80-year-old person taste like? Depends.
Mother Teresa walks into a bar
Hey reddit, guess what's funnier than 24? 25
As the day goes on, coworkers start appearing more flammable.
A group of toddlers is called a migraine
Saddest Joke if... Last person on Earth... Knock Knock..
Whats the difference between inlaws and outlaws Outlaws are wanted
Every single person my age... ...is 43.
The Cannibal threw up his hands in frustration.
You don't have to tell me I'm negative. I no.
A stunning pregnant blonde insisted on having a laparoscopic caeserian
What's the most outplayed joke in all of /r/jokes? [removed]
What do you call a pirate from Ireland?? Arrrish
So this dyslexic guy walks into a bra
I'm not Fred Flintstone... But I can make your bedrock.
In hell, your coworker never finishes opening a wrapper.
"Hard at Work" The story of a male porn star.
What do you call a Mexican child molester? A Pedrophile
What is the Ape monster's name? Godzilla Gorilla!
Why do dogs lick their dicks? Because they can.
"I just need some space." - astronaut break up
What do you say when a dog runs away? Dog-gone!
You know what the funniest thing is about dementia?
What it Princess Zelda's favorite food? Hot Links
What do you call a mathematician who fakes injuries? Fibbinouchie.
What do you call an irritated nerd? A noyd.
Are you a monosaccharide? 'Cause sugar, you're basic.
Will I live to see 90? You just did.
Apparently Pound Town is NOT a British dollar store
Baller is short for ballerina
Most people don't realize that Iron Man.. Is a Fe-male.
If you were a browser, you'd be called FireFoxy.
So anyway, one of my favorite pastimes is not drowning.
What is the most well educated type of nut? Macademia.
Russian Porn Doesn't it get you soviet?
Politicians hate each other more than they love America.
What did Sheldon say to Penny? BaZINCa!!
I got a boner at a funeral today.... Mourning wood.
What was Hitler's favourite animal? Adolphin.
Tony Stark's drag queen name. Fe Male.
What idiot called them "cannibals" and not "humanitarians"?
Who's Microsoft's favorite musician? Adele
What time of day is the saddest? The mourning
I'm a virgin but I have sex sometimes
The creator of anagrams died... May he "erect a penis"
You cannot taste me, until you undress me. Banana
What do you call a sick bird? An illegal.
What's E.T. short for? Because he's only got little legs.
Friday...Gods Gift to the working People
What are the consequences of smoking weed? The reefercussions
Honey Boo Boo changes name to Sugar Scab.
Syria is wherever the Syrians are in Europe
My sister while kneading dough: "This hand workout dough!"
I just got a job crushing cans... It's soda-pressing.
What do you call two bananas? Slippers
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B? Wasabi?
A yoga teacher was murdered... ...they're saying it was premeditated.
sorry for my absence, i've been hiding inside my head
How's your day been? Grape!
It's not on a map, or some app. MILLER LIGHT
Where does a Mexican store his food? Hispantry
What's a foot long and slippery? A Slipper. :D
Hey are you from Gryfindor? Great. Can I Slytherin?
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram
What's it called when two perfectionists sleep together? Anal sex.
What is a shitzu? A zoo with no animals.
What do you call an Egyptian back-doctor? A Cairo-practor.
With apologies to books, tits are way better.
I came here for... ...funny jokes in the comments.
It's not the bullet that kills you, it's the hole.
Where can you find a mormon horse? Salt Lick City.
Optimus Prime partially clothed ... Semi-nude.
Have you ever tried eating your watch? It's time consuming
Do someone a favor and it becomes your job.
What was Prince's greatest "Hit?" Purple Vein
Your tombstone should be carved in Comic Sans.
States are like butts No one likes the flat ones.
How much is 5Q and 5Q? 10Q. "You're welcome.  "
Crouch down and lean forward. That's how I roll.
What is yellow and goes bzzzzzz? An electric banana.
What do you call post-modern Persians? PomIranians
Why can't Jesus eat pizza? Because he doesn't exist.
What kinds of clothes do protons wear? Plus sizes!
Never date a tennis player Love means nothing to them
Yes, it is. Is time travel possible?
Why did the Crip cross the road? Cuz.
I fart, why..because it's the only gas I can afford.
Morrissey has cancer I know, I know, it's serious.
Accidentaly switching two letters... ...can completely urin a sentence.
Why can't dinosaurs talk? Because they're all dead.
Dolphins don't do anything by accident.. Always on porpoise.
How do you spell that? t-h-a-t
i put the "alcohol" in "me"
You kill vegetarian vampires with a steak to the heart.
What does Charles Darwin use to moisturise his skin? Evo-lotion.
How does a grizzly catch fish? With his bear hands!
Have you seen stieve wonders house? -niether did he
Q:Why doesn't ed have a girlfriend? A: because she ran
Did Pinocchio catch fire when he masturbated?
What is Jesus' favorite mathematical operation? The Cross Product
Anyone know any good "walks into a bar" type jokes?
Cheese and schizophrenia -Which cheese is schizophrenic? -Halloumi
Time does'nt exist. Clocks exists.
"Upscale" sounds like a euphemism for "fat."
Your ex is posting passive-aggressive spiritual memes again
What did the brain dead guy have for breakfast? Comatoast!
I like my women like I like my alcohol..... Rubbing.
Calculus derives me crazy!!
No, YOUR illiterate.
Odo walks down the alley and turns into a bar.
Why are jewish potion makers all male? He brew
Tim Cook just came out. Waiting for the Android version.
You're missing the point and possibly a chromosome...
If storks bring human babies what bring monster babies? Cranes.
If I lived in Alabama, I'd name my daughter, 'Banjo-lina".
No one got screwed worse than male ladybugs.
How does a Jew make his coffee? Hebrews it
What's better than eating a mandarin? Eating Amanda out
What do you call a Muslim abortion clinic? Counter-terrorism
I have a work fetish I never come too late.
The Chinese New Year sure is a lot less ryanseacresty.
What do you call a kinky secret society? Illumi-naughty.
What do ghosts drink for Halloween? BOOOOZE!
Knock knock. Who's there? Mormons.
What's so great about nihilism? Nothing.
A moderator walks into a bar.., [removed]
What do you call a Jewish Deer? Half a buck
What do you call an asshole horse rider? A Jerk-ey.
I'm agender and that gender is male
What did the music thief do in college? Take notes.
A pig's favorite movie: The Monster That Ate New York.
A leaf blower, but for people.
Why are there no headache pills in Troy? Cause Paracetamol
I went to the Reddit hotel The host wasn't responding.
Why did the post office get sued? For Mail-Practice!!
What do you a great Jewish cook Hitler
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet
What company spent over $6.2 billion in buying Viagra? Microsoft
Eating pussy is like subway eat fresh.
Loltard: Someone who uses 'lol' too much.
The England cricket team...
Why couldn't the bike stand up? It was too tired.
I need someone really bad. Are you really bad?
What restaurant does a fast food worker/hacker work at? HackDonalds.
Do you think Apple's next phone will be a 6S?
Movie about internet Too slow
What do you call people migrating to Sweden? Artificial Swedeners.
In five-card poker, six-high beats a pair...
What do the Irish hate more than potatoes? No potatoes.
What is an architects favorite movie? Angles in the Outfield
What do you call an Iraqi bodybuilder? A Mosul man
How did Vikings send secret messages? By Norse code!
What do you call an eagle that is sick? Illegal
How do you get Lady Gaga attention? P-p-p-poke her face.
Black holes suck. Think about it.
Favorite tank of ISIS is IS-2
Why did the lobster blush? Because the see weed.
I can understand leaving a baby unattended-- but your phone!!
Rihanna should date Lebron... he never beats anyone.
What kind of Bee is full of milk? A BooBee.
Wanna hear a joke? My sex life...
My doctor said my cervix is perfect. I'm still blushing.
Yo mama jokes Here you can tell yo mama jokes
What does a lawyer wear to work? A lawsuit!
Having a British girlfriend is tough They always leave you.
Friend: What are you gonna be for halloween? Me: Drunk!
Always the camel, never the toe.
Burger King's full name is Burger Luther King Jr.
The Lady Artist by Andrew Pictures
I think my vibrator has Parkinson's.
What do the Japanese do during erections? They vote.
What does 70 year old pussy taste like? Depends.
What do you call a sugary werewolf? a glycan
What's ET short for? He's only got little legs
What is an autobiography? The life story of an automobile.
Enough is enough It's the exact same word
What is Santa's favorite type of cookie? Ask your dad.
I had sex with a campfire. It was hot.
*whispers softly* "...is there a King Latifa"
Q: What do flies wear on their feet? A: Shoos.
The Cleveland Browns Thats it
Dream carefully, because dreams come true.
what do u call a group of /r/atheists fedoration
I just invented this new word! Plagiarism.
I like my slaves like I like my eggs. Beaten.
nothing at all 1. test 1 2. test 2
What's a storm trooper's favorite pollster? Pew! Pew! Pew!
"It's Christmas Eve, not Christmas Steve." -confused homophobe
Do you have space... for my peepee in your butt?
What's the most annoying thing someone can say? Nevermind.
Siri, what kind of candy is in that van?
What's grey and lights up ? An electric elephant !
"Update the force, Luke" Adobe Wan Kenobi
Question: What goes up and never comes down? Answer: Up
Turkish fundraising dinner Donor Kebab
I'm funny. But hey looks aren't everthing! Source: roger miller
'90s movie spoiler alert: it's Kevin Spacey.
I don't work here. I'm a consultant.
What kind of bears don't have teeth? Gummi bears. ;)
What does a Triceratops sit on? His Tricerabottom
My misery loves vodka, and hates company.
When is the Speech Therapy Class? It's hard to say.
A Jew walks into a bank... "Honey I'm home!"
What does the gay horse eat? Haaaaayyyyy
Becoming a vegetarian Is a big missed steak.
What's the difference between bullets and everyone? Everyone misses Harambe.
My girlfriend is like my self-esteem I have none
I wish lap dance minutes felt like treadmill minutes.
Why is Rene Descartes considered a thinker? Because he is.
No matter how kind you are German children are kinder
What happens when a midget smokes weed? He gets medium.
Have you seen www.indecisive.com? Yes and no.
A reddit joke Two X Chromosomes
What's a poops favorite color? Turdquoise
The Joke's on You!
How does a train eat? It goes chew chew!
What color is the most metal? Ma*djent*a
Jake Roper from Vsauce 3 is cancer. too soon?
What kind of marijuana do cows smoke? moo-dicinal
What vegetable is a bug most afraid of? Stephen Hawking
Women belong in the House ...and the Senate
I'm a people person, but from a distance.
What's black and does not work? Decaf Coffee
I've got a joke with no punchline.. I'm not joking!
A friend is like a car I dont have one
What Does Reddit stand for? Reddit: Re-Downvote Downvote it.
Why was the chef fired? He was caught stroganoff
What do Dwarfs and Midgets have in common? very little
"There's no business like crow business." -Wealthy businesscrow
[offensive] What do books have that Mexican's don't? Papers
Why do Jews hate soda? Because they're gassy
What's a duck's favorite drug? Quack.
Hey, wanna hear a Jew joke? Israeli funny
F.E.M.A. Fuck EverybodyMostly Africans. ~Eddie Griffin
How I Won the Pools by Jack Potts
What do you call a Mexican without a car? Carlos
How do you organize a Space Party? You Planet.
If Russia invaded Turkey from behind, will Greece help?
Have you ever seen Ray Charles's mansion? Neither has he.
what phone service has the fastest internet? Sprint
I tried to catch some fog yesterday Mist
What kind of bird does not make babies? A swallow
What is the most independent kind of cheese? Prov alone.
People always misuse "ironic". It's so ironic...
What is brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
adult coping mechanisms: drinking, Netflix, pretending nothing's wrong
What is a monster's favourite society? The Consumers' Association.
What's a crohn's patient's favourite punctuation? A semi-colon!
I really enjoy fastening bits of metal together It's riveting
How does Hitler turn on his lights? Aulightschwitz.
What is a tuna's favorite city? Albacoreque.
It's Saturday.. Turning my give-a-crap-o' meter down...      
Why does Caterpie like Margarine? Because it's Butterfree.
People say I'm just distrusting, but I don't believe them.
Russian nesting dolls are so full of themselves.
Menstruation jokes are not funny. Period.
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance Saturday, Sunday
TIFU by subscribing to the wrong subreddit Whoops, Wrong sub!
What's the difference between a politician and a catfish? http://www.madoodle.com/doodle/view/2989/
This barbecue must be amazing. Everything is at steak.
What do Asian pirates do? They fry pranes!
What do Asian pirates do? They fry pranes.
Hair Disorders by Dan Druff
Why was the baby elf sad? Because he was Legolas
What kind of salad dressing does a tree use?
Looks like Putin will be having Turkey for Thanksgiving
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Triskaidekaphobia.
Hmmmmmm just lets see how this goes. Knock Knock.
What's the most commonly used Muslim woman punch called? Hijab
My friend sat on my drink... It went flat
What do you call an old barometer? Weathered.
A Pole was playing chess.. .
Unless you're the lead dog, the view never changes.
What did Tennessee? Whatever Arkansas.
What is Hitler's favourite type of music? Reich n' Roll
sapnu puas Turn it upside down ;)
what does an 80 year old woman taste like? depends..
What language does a patio speak? Porch-uguese
America's future That's the joke
Here's a bit of advice for you. Advi.
How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl+S
Every rooster is a dick.
Oh, a BEAR hug. *starts putting clothes back on*
Hey guys, wanna hear a joke? feminism.
What's the difference between purple and pink? The grip. 
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar... ... Just kidding
What's red and bad for your teeth? ...A brick
Are you all right ? No, you are all left
What do you call a German virgin? Gudentite
What do you call a pig sneak attack? A Hambush.
What do you call a pessimistic black man? Niggative.
What's the worst thing about eating a vegetable? ...the wheelchair
What does Jean Valjean use to listen to music? Cosettes.
Ancestry.com: The southern version of eHarmony.
What should vegetarians eat for protein? Meat.
Auto correction can suck my duck.
You wanna hear an offensive joke? Keemstar.
What did Adele name her sandwich shop? A deli
Two men walk into a bar Ouch
Real women don't chase men. We set traps.
What's the secret ingredient in Bush's Baked Beams? Jetfuel.
What's dad's best one-liner? "My wife."
I like to drink and run. I call it "Bacardio".
What do you call a kitten's post-mortem? An Aww-topsy.
How many people wrote "anti-oepidus" 1 3/5
I wish babies could have babies. Adorable minibabies.
What comes out of a reasonable volcano? Pragma.
Two nuns walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
So I finally figured out how click bait works...
Rattlesnakes and condoms Two things I don't fuck with
"I'm in your city". me: ok. enjoy it.
What country always follows Zimbabwe? Zimbab-Bee!
Odd numbers bother me. Except 75. 75 you're ok.
What's are pirates favorite kind of weapon? RRRRtillary.
Damn Donald.... Back at it again with the white fans
[Arouses Suspicion] Suspicion: I don't want to ruin our friendship.
The Seventh Sense: "I can smell dead people."
What do you call a rich black man? A tycoon.
You're about as useless as an asshole with tastebuds.
What do chemists make guacamole out of? Avogadros
What are Turkish cattle best known for? Mootiny.
Rules to learning English: their our know rules
What do you feed a gay horse? haaaayyyyy!
What do you call a stolen tamole? A hot tamole
What does a Middle-Eastern person eat for breakfast? Syria-l
Your momma so fat... Her splash attack does damage
How do you blend in at a bald convention? Chemo-flage
I made a song... in the tuna fish
What do you call Irish sunscreen? A pub.
"Party City" is the least appropriately named store.
What's black, blue and hates sex? A rape victim.
Why is the universe expanding? It needs more space.
Two snares and a cymbal falls off a cliff BADUMTSSSS
Take My Advice I Don't Use It Anyways
The universe implodes.... No matter.
Am I gay? Damn straight I am.
Posting inspirational quotes online is the first sign of depression.
A jealous woman...can make the FBI look like mall security.
Every ten seconds, someone in London gets stabbed Poor bastard.
What breed of dog is the most depressing...? A melancholy.
What did the Native American pornstar call himself? Spread Eagle
True intimacy is chatting within a shared Google Doc
How does Schrodinger apologise? Sorry not sorry
This relationship is over. Over. ~dumping someone via walkie talkie.
Houston, we have a problem Houston: new phone who dis
I want minions for Christmas.
"I wanna rock!" ~said the angry geologist.
Keep clam. I'm dyslexic.
2001 called... They want their towers back
I dropped my phone in the toilet It's ringing wet!
Why was 2 afraid of 4? Because 4 8 16!
The human torch was denied a bank loan...
How do you say 'The Torah' in German? Kindling.
How do you feed a skyscraper? "Here comes the aeroplane!"
The titanic had Bluetooth It synced
What economic theory opposes manscaping? Laissez-fur!
Hotels are keeping the shower cap industry afloat.
You give great word of mouth
What happens when Niagara trips? Niagara Falls
I fucked your mom! Shut up dad.
What's a slut's favorite color? Whorange
What's the best part of Chinese food? The 4/10 cookie
How do you kill a circus? Go for the juggler...
I lost my new underwear... ...I only wore them briefly.
If you throw away an ice sculpture, is it justice?
Why Hitler died? Because he saw the gas facture.
:( turn that frown upside down ):
Not everyone is able to fly... but every toucan.
who is a skeletons favorite music artist? BONE JOVI!!!!!!!
R.I.P water You will be mist!
What's brown &amp; rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre.
In marijuana's defense, I'm lazy as shit completely sober too.
What do magistrates have with their water? Just ice.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because of type advantage
If life gives you melons... You're probably dyslexic
Are my undies showing? ["No."] "Would you like them to?"
Yo mama's so fat, even Dora cannot explore her!
At lunch with 5 of my bestest phones!!!
Bravo, Oscar, Oscar, Bravo, Sierra
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Justice Prevail for Morons
What is an Arabs favorite fighting technique? Hijab
My favorite genre on Netflix is "watch it again"
Who Loves Debates? De fishes
What do you call twin brothers? A sunset!
What's the opposite of a cock blocker? A Rooster Booster
What is Sherlock's favorite season? Fall...
Comedy is all about timing, timing, and
Hear about that kidnapping? He woke up
Why was the geologist arrested? He was doing crystal math.
Q: Who writes ghost stories? A: A ghost writer.
Why is Jesus so rich? Because Jesus saves.
One of the best jokes of all time... Women's Rights
Sorry about the typos lately you gays.
Insert penis joke here. Ha.
What was Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYE.
Don't mess with muslins... They have short fuses.
I'm on a whiskey diet I've lost three days already.
What's a cats most common written thought? ,.........mmmnhhhhgcdddxxdtyyhhbvbbb
I would never exaggerate... ...in a million years.
You ordered your steak rare?! Well done.
What is the sound of one hand typing? Fap-fap-fap.
"Ladies and Gents." That concludes our tour of the toilets.
I can't believe carotene is STILL in its beta phase.
You're a special combination of disappointment, and What The Fcuk!?'
I remember 2010 like it was yesterday
Mayweather goes 48-0 49-0 if you count his wife
What do you call a cow with no legs? Dismembered
What's a Japanese person's hangover cure? Soba Noodles
BREAKING: Popeye Expresses Outrage as Pope Goes to Mount Olive
What do you call a helpful potato? A Facilitater
How do you make a fireman cry? Kill his family.
Where did Sally go during the bombing? Everywhere
Where do weeaboos holiday? Kawaii
Meet the female version of Thor Whor
Your mom farted... And the Universe came into being.
What do you call a fat pedophile? Molesterol
Procrastination - Making a better today, tomorrow
Does putting ketchup on everything affect your credit score?
"The New York Times" isn't the punchline... but... http://www.politico.com/blogs/media/2015/01/correction-of-the-day-200768.html?ml=tl_4
Why don't Superman's farts smell? Because krypton gas is odourless.
What brand of computer is best at singing? A Dell
Knock, knock. Who's there? Deja. Deja who? Knock, knock.
Raise the bar ..? Like, go and drink upstairs ..?
What is a baby bee? A little humbug.
How do you fix a broken website? With stick e-tape.
What do you call a group of hookers? A whorde.
A few women sit at a table quietly...
What do ghosts drink? BOOOOOZE
When two vegetarians are arguing Is it still considered beef?
Do 90-year-old men wear boxers or briefs? Depends.
72 What is 72? 69 with 3 people watching!
What is Beethoven doing these days? Decomposing.
Stop being racist to kettles.
What type of stories do cocaine addicts write? Snort stories
What do you call a bored motherfucker? Grandpa
Brobbits before Hobbits
What does ABC stand for? American dyslexia association.
My Twitter account would benefit from a breathalyzer-activated password.
3 mods walk into a strip club [removed]
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
What do you call an angry toilet? Pissed off
What does a gas discharge lamp? Fart fart fart XD
I'm either tired or hungry at all times. Often both.
Bottom line: parenting interferes with my ability to be lazy.
Women are temperamental. That's 90% temper and 10% mental.
I would rate my skill at psychic abilitys... medium.
"Count your blessings. Then count them again." - OCD optimist
what do you call a sad cranberry? a blueberry =[
What thinks the unthinkable? An itheberg
What time do werewolf Cowboys have a shootout? High Moon!
You know what the most infuriating thing ever is? [removed]
Can't sleep. Just miss Circuit City a lot right now.
I watch "2 Girls, 1 Cup" for the articles.
Why wouldn't Hannibal Lecter eat clowns? Because they tasted funny.
Who says love is dead? Necrophiliacs
Stop taking my book seriously - God
What's the difference between snowmen and snow women? Snow balls
HOW DO PIGS TALK? SWINE LANGUAGE.
a seal walks into a club eh
What does rappers eat for breakfast? Yo-ghurt.
What is the internal temperature of a Tauntaun? Luke Warm
Relationship status: -Applies sunscreen to wall. -Rubs back on wall.
My gardener is completely incompetent He keeps soiling himself
Maybe this lady is trying to perpendicular park.
Niggas be like.. ..OH HELL NO!
Why are Juggalos obsessed with hatchets? Felons can't buy guns
What do people do when a chemist dies? They barium.
I support farming and math... I'm pro-tractor.
Her: I really want nachos!! Me: *changes name to nachos*
The word 'twice' is so good they named it 'Twice'.
What game show do pickles play? Dill or No Dill
I'm a member of DAM Mothers Against Dyslexia
How to Jews travel? By air.
I like my women like I like my coffee Bitter
How did I get from Afghanistan to Iraq? Iran.
What's the most popular occupation in Italy? Pastatution.
what kind of pants does a monkey wear? ma-khakis
I'm opening a Canadian-Russian fusion restaurant... It's called Vladimir Poutine.
*spits out coffee* VERB IS A NOUN
To neigh or not to neigh... That is equestrian.
A man walks into a bar... ...and has a concussion.
What do you call an impotent lizard? A reptile dysfunction
What do you call a French whore? Lahore.
I work out at the same time every day... tomorrow.
My secret ingredient is letting somebody else cook.
Where do one-legged people eat? Ihop
How You Can Draw a Muhammad Every Day Wipe!
FDR hates cripple humor He can't stand it
What's the plural form of the word "anecdote"? Data
Why does Batman think so highly about himself? Bruce Wayne.
What are caterpillars afraid of? **Dog**erpillars!
What goes zzub zzub ? A bee flying backwards !
What dogs never get lost? Newfound-lands!
What is the average Math teacher like? Mean.
Babies are terrible at running their own small businesses.
What do you call God in StarWars? A Skywalker
Kayne West Knocked Up Kim Kardashian No punchline needed.
I consider myself very decisive.. I guess.
whats black on top and white on the bottom? rape
What's the one thing Spider-Man can't eat? Uncle Ben's rice
What's the fastest form of bread? Scone.
Why is Reddit different from Facebook? [removed]
What Kind of Pee Comes Out Your Butt? Poo Pee.
Once you go lesbian, sometimes you go back.
Which book makes prudish Gorillas blush? The Naked Ape!
Begin this thing doesn't or end Yoda's (lost) last words.
What do Spanish Canadians put on their tacos? Pork, eh?
What's red and white? Pink.
What do you call a calm Asian? A Mellow Yellow
YOLO doesn't work for cats.
My boyfriend is so cute I decided to get another.
Bill and Ted happen upon 20 fine young ladies... SCORE!
What do you call an origional joke on Reddit? Mine
Feminist are like sleeper agents Both have trigger words.
You know who'd make a good hobbit? Elijah would.
I haven't drawn in so long that I'm feeling sketchy
A karmawhoring terrorist browses reddit... EDIT: This post blew up!
anyone wanna hear a pizza joke? Nahhh, its too CHEESY.
Why do vampires hate arguments? Because they make themselves cross.
I don't trust left handed people They're never right
Your tits look better when you don't talk.
TIFU by posting a joke online... You had already reddit.
We've all been there. In your mom, that is.
Yo mama so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
What's a cats favorite color? Puuuuurple.
Never trust an atom they make up everything
*Gets divorced* *Deletes 'actress' from LinkedIn profile*
Why did lieutenant Uhura smell bad? ...because William Shatner
[Enter Password] drapes [Re-enter Password] carpet [Error: Passwords must match]
What's a star trek fans favourite drink? Picardi and Kirk
Want to hear a joke about the ozone layer? [depleted]
How often do you hear element jokes on Reddit? Periodically!
Oceanography is all about current events
What do you call an environmentally-conscious Mexican? A Green Bean
What is a surfer guy's favorite horror movie? Saw duude!
Deez Nutz He really has it in the bag.
Society: "Just be yourself." Society: "No not like that."
Whats George Zimmerman's favorite song? Blame it on the night
*Invents silent snack packages. *Becomes president of the United States.
This joke is like gravity. A force.
"It's summer! Yay! No more school shootings!" - American children.
NSA joke I always said President Obama bugged me.
Why isn't Christmas spelled Christmals? Because Noel.
There's a big difference between seminary school and semenary school.
I'm sorry CO2, but I'm leaving you you're suffocating me!
My gay joke probably won't be loved, butt fuck it.
What cars do cows drive? Cattleacs
The Last Contango in Paris Commodities Exchange.
Right now, somewhere in China, someone is wokking their dog
What do you call an Irish lesbian? GayLick
The New Drum by Major Headache
I almost bruised myself yesterday It was a missed ache
Why did Jesus curse the fig tree? [God hates figs.](http://www.wikiwand.com/en/Cursing_the_fig_tree)
Which religion breeds terrorism the most? Not Islam
"What's the difference between you and I?" About 12 letters
Why do gay people like math? Because of *bi*nomials!
Why was the little Martian sad? Curiosity killed his cat.
I'm so tilted My slope is undefined
What do you call a Lesbian Dinosaur? A Lickalotofpuss
I like my coffee like I like slaves.... Free.
What did Trump say to the Human Cannonball? You'rrre fired!
What's Mexico's national sport? Cross-country
Why is slave trade illegal Because it's a black market.
What are Mario's overalls made of Denim, Denim, Denim
This is circular logic because this is circular logic.
I've been exaggerating... ...since 1744.
My genes put the XY in sexy
What's worse than lobsters on your piano? Syphilis
Kids these days sure do love taking pictures of mirrors.
What do you call shaving a crazy sheep? Shear madness.
Why doesn't the melon get married? Because it cantaloupe.
What's the hardest part of a vegetable? His wheelchair
Microwaves should have a "Pfft" button.
Why did Hitler lose WWII? He did NAZI it coming
where do they manufacture smiles? in a satisfactory
Where did Saddam Hussein keep his CDs? In Iraq
What was the baseball score when ethiopia played africa.....ate nothing
What if Adele was calling from inside the house?!
Prostitutes What do you call three prostitutes? Hoe Hoe Hoe
When life hands you melons... you're dyslexic.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer ASH
No, I haven't lost weight but "spanx" for asking.
Crocs are the most effective birth control.
Computers make very fast very accurate  mistakes.
Dyslexic guy walks into a bra.
Why do ecologists like lepers? Because they're biodegradable!
Why was the photographer arested? Indecent exposure.
Where are things that are very average produced? The satis-factory.
What do parrots eat ? Polyfilla !
What was Snoop Dogg's ghost arrested for? Possesion.
My subscription brings all the newspapers to the yard.
You're never too old to learn stupid shit.
Did you read that story on r/news? [removed]
What is a Word documents least favorite blood type? Type-O
What do you call a cheap circumcision?? A rip off
What do you call a queer redneck? A confederate fag.
Who's this moderation person everyone tells me to drink with?
Classic Norm MacDonald joke http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGr_7p5Ti0Q
How to tell if your house is haunted... ...it isn't.
What do you call a turtle without its shell? Dead.
I like my coffee like my slaves... Free!
what if the Blair Witch was just lonely
Excuse me, waiter. Is my order almost ready to Instagram?
What kind of fruit never leaves the bowl. Cantaloupe
What do you call a violent white man? Officer
I got a Trophy Wife but it was for participation
Nothing brings neighbors together, like a broken elevator.
How do Japanese people ask for rice? Samurais?
What do you call a shitty journal? A Diarrhea.
How do you think the unthinkable? An Ithberg!
What is an I.T teachers favourite drink? Icy-Tea
What's better than winning gold at the special Olympics? Walking
Boycott shampoo. Demand real poo.
Who was Mobutu's father? Mobu One
Americans! Chasing the American Dream doesn't count as exercise.
New studies show 9/10 people enjoy gang rape.
Kung Fu for Beginners by Flora Mugga
How do you say gonorrhea in Russian? Rotchurcockov.
What is the only result for Ear-rape? Hearing AIDS.
Where did little Sarah go after the bombings? Everywhere
The invention of the shovel It was truly groundbreaking
What is red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
That girl from The Exorcist was a real head turner
50% of Asians have cataracts. The other 50% drive rinkins.
Which NBA team likes McDonald's the most? Denver Nuggets 
What's the best thing about a dead baby? The aftertaste.
The 'S' should be silent in Scrapbooking.
What's a Canadian's favorite number? Eight.
Never underestimate the power of the web. -Charlotte
I changed my iPhone's name to Titanic. It's syncing now.
Bush, Trump, Sanders, and Clinton walk into a plane............... Ouch...
Best joke ever Your karma score.
My wife called me crazy... CALLED
What do you call a gay vegetarian? A vegetarian.
It's not herpes... They're called Genital Cold Sores
What kind of bees make milk? Boo bees.
I knock some sense into people with a hammer.
Where did Neanderthals get their chicken wings? Cave-FC
What do black people get when they die? Nigger Mortis
a bottle of cyanide labeled GHOST PILLS
What kind of murderer has moral fiber? A cereal killer.
Why did they arrest the musician? He got into treble.
What's the hardest thing about eating vegetables? The wheelchairs!
A long joke jooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooke
What do fish smoke? Seewead
What do you call a masturbating pickle? Jerkin' Gherkin
How did the calf's final exam turn out? Grade A!
My math teacher called me average. How mean!
If Oprah took over Favstar, everyone would get a trophy.
Taking vocabulary to a whole new thingy
Ever heard of the DNA? National Dyslexic Association.
3 unwritten rules of life 1) 2) 3)
What's the first letter of the Canadian alphabet, eh?
What's the favorite song of blacks I shot the sheriff
I tried to catch some fog... I mist.
My king, the peasants are revolting! I know, they're disgusting.
Guns don't kill people. Fathers with pretty daughters do.
You can't spell ginger... without nigger
Why is 10 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9
NFL No Fingers Left
What do white girls celebrate on December 25th? ChristMAAAAAAAAAS
What do you call a Mexican nurse? [A care beaner.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carabiner)
What do you call a guy with a shovel? Doug
"shake what ya momma gave ya!" *starts shaking low self-esteem*
What do you call 6.022 x 10^23 avocados? A guacamole.
What do ghosts wear? Boo Jeans
What'd the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
A roman walks into a bar
Apple is reinventing the wheel. It's going to be Revolutionary!
I enjoy long romantic walks to the fridge.
Chromebooks.
I like my women like I like my Nintendo........ 64
Being in a vortex Must really suck
What do you call a gassy Russian? Vladimir Pootin'
I would say I'm pretty Indecisive... Well actually maybe not
And the Oscar goes to... Jail.
What's an epileptic man's least favorite element? Cesium.
What has two wings and an arrow? A Chinese telephone
My math teacher called me average. How mean.
What do you call a chicken drawing a sketch? Cock-A-Doodle-do!
A kiss makes my day Anal makes my hole weak
A Redditor has sex for the first time
Nobody's phone is ever off. They're lying.
What kind of phone does a burglar use? A no-key-a
What do you call a gay person on rollerskates rolaids
What's red and not there? No tomatoes.
*Seeing words in itallic...* Makes me want to eat *pasta*.
Superman ruins a lot of button down shirts.
Do you want to earn $$$? Yes, three dollars!
What is written on Ronald McDonald's gravestone? McRIP
What do you call a leper in a jacuzzi? Stew.
Finally tried Viagra,... Damn near broke my hand!
Listing all my single socks on match.com.
Whats a ducks favourite type of sex? [OC] Pondage
***Abortion jokes are NOT FUNNY*** Cut it out!
If Anne hath a will, Anne Hathaway.
Why is pornhub so busy today? Because it's erection day!
Why do rednecks love sandwiches? Because they're inbred too.
*Reversing my car* Ahh, this takes me back.
Two peanuts walk into a bar. One was a salted.
What's Tom Brady's favorite type of chip? Cheat-Ohs!
Columbia is the new Miss Universe
Sorry I replied "yikes" to your selfie.
What's an old carpenter's biggest issue? Losing teeth.
What does Wonder Woman call foreplay? Amazon Prime.
What kind of pennies come from Japan? Jap-pennies
How are dogs and addicts similar? They both have PAWS
What would life be without plumbing? Shitty
If I were a dinosaur, I'd be a swagasaurus.
I show sines of addiction to trigonometry...
What's the highest point in the ocean? The Marijuanas Trench.
What discovery was the garden's mathematician excited about? AVOCADO'S NUMBER!
Doctors don't charge for circumcisions, they just take tips.
What do gay horses eat? HAYYYYYYYYYYY!!
Spurs is the best football team ever.
What was white outside and black inside? The White House.
You are my fan because u blow me away.
How does a sea urchin search the internet? sea urchingine
Caution: Cutting corners may lead to extra corners.
Why can't cars fly kites? Because of the windshield.
What sexual position makes the ugliest babies? Ask your mom.
Drunk me absolutely loves creating awkward encounters for sober me.
I used to be addicted to soap... ...I'm clean now
Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.
A man overdosed on viagra No joke. http://www.essentialbaby.com.au/life-style/current-affairs/dad-takes-35-viagra-pills-as-a-dare-20150920-gjqqt7.html
What do you call a sexually active Buffalo? Horny.
How do you fix a deaf car? With an engin*eer.*
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish
What's a neckbeard's favourite element? Manga-nese.
You know what's cool? 0C
What fruit can't be married by itself. Cantaloupe
What's the most racist fraction? 3/5
What do cows like to listen to? Moo-sic!
How often do elements masturbate? Periodically
How to tell if someone doesn't crossfit
What is a skeleton's favorite instrument? a trom-bone.
Where's the loneliest place on earth at? Hillary Clinton's vagina.
Funny Jokes - Lots of Funny Jokes
What are pornstars paid? Income.
What does the alchemist do to please his girlfriend? Elixir.
What has ten letters and starts with gas? "flatulence"
You can't bait me. I'm the masturbator.
Edward Scissorhand's death was probably from running.
Alan Turing was so gay it was illegal
What's your favorite position? Juxta
What type of brain does a plant have? A membrane
An upscale Asian restaurant called "Suit and Thai."
If life gives you melons... you might be dyslexic
What do you call the slums in Paris? The baghetto
Hey Journey, I stopped believing. What now?
Don't trust anyone that orders a Medium Pizza....
Handicapped jokes are so cruel I can't stand them!!
Someone told me that you look like an owl.
How do you enter an Egyptian's tomb? Tut-an-kham-en
In spanish... it only takes one to tengo.
Whoever invented the "Knock-Knock" jokes... Should get a No-Bell prize
Prime Day.
How much does the average Hipster weigh? About 74,000 Insta-grams.
My cat thinks any questions I ask him are rhetorical.
Why did the dog die? It had Barkinsons
Australians don't have sex. They mate.
what do you call a fake spaghetti? an impasta
What app do nervous ppl order on dates? Chicken Tinders.
You know which singer really cut the mustard? Celine Dijon
A man walks into a bar ouch, that hurt!
Another Calculus Joke (Pun) Don't drink and derive!
a cauliflower is a plant explosion in extremeley slow motion
What Do You Call A Galloping Musician? Ludvig Van BeetHOOFen.
The back-to-front comb over: Where mullets are laid to rest.
What is the hardeast part about eating vegetables? Their wheelchairs
Homophobic means you're scared of your house.
What do you call a melted penny? Liquid assets.
Take my advice I'm not using it.
My girlfriend has her very own Indian name.... Running Late.
What's Forrest gumps password? 1forrest1
Knock Knock Who's there? Dishes. Dishes who? Dishes Sean Connery.
What is the most masculine profession? Maleman
Kanye West Running For President 2020
Earthquake just hit California... Too many liberals are literally shaking.
What do you call a crazy Mexican dog? Perronoid
People are like snowflakes: I can't talk to them.
Father O'Flannagan and the Taxi Driver
Have you ever had sex while camping? Its fucking intense.
Why is PTSD like riding a bike? You never forget
What's a Native's 2 favourite colours? Blue and Blue Light.
Dont't drink and drive, it's very... whisky!
Where do hipsters get their water? From a well, actually.
What does a haunted hamburger say? MooooOOOoooOoo
What does Garfield like in his bed? Pussy
"Fiona, You up?" -Shrext.
What type of wrists are the scariest? Terror wrists.
What's gray and all around? Everything. I'm a dog.
"What else can we think about?"- Insomnia
Some of my best friends started out as bad choices.
What's Forest Gumps password? 1Forest1
Pants? You mean Leg Prisons?
Without nipples... Boobs would be pointless.
What does a gay horse eat? Hhhhaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Sepp Blatter being re-ellected
Santorum pulls out after repeatedly coming in number two
How loud is John Cena? #xDb
Why can't Stevie Wonder read? (offensive) Because he's black.
What do you call a smart blonde? A labrador
What happened when Rick fell down a hill? Rick rolled.
Yall wanna hear a joke? Women's rights.
What do you call a black guy whose hitch-hiking? Stranded!
What is Chris Brown's favorite hobby? [OC] Beats me.
Why are friendzone'd guys always sick? They suffer from m'ladies
What kind of meat does The Pope eat? Nun
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? BANANAAAAA
What is the river of negation called? The Nile
*gazes at laptop screen*avoids making eye contact with own reflection*
A drum set falls out of a tree. Ba-dum-tis
I am really good at making jokes. Title.
Silence is golden... But duct tape is silver.
Who do grammar nazis hang out with now? The alt-write.
A racist joke Donald Trump
The CEO of Comcast dies and goes to heaven...
What is Tom Brady's favorite opera? Deflatermaus! (Die Fledermaus!)
My wife finally got a "Brazilian". He seems nice.
What do you get from an invisible cow?  Evaporated milk!
What's a ghost's favorite sexual fetish? Boo-kake
What do terrorist Weight Watchers use? Weapons of mass-reduction.
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaaaaaay
Is your refrigerator running? ...must've been made in France
Chuck Norris did that to Michael Jackson's face.
What do you call a drunken Muslim? Mohammered
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired
What do you call a female peacock...? A peacunt
Confucius say Woman with big balloons has high rise accommodation.
Really? EVERYBODY was kung fu fighting?
Why are A's like flowers? Because B's go after them!
This is where I draw the line! ________________________________________________________
Which book has the worst cliffhanger? Anne Frank's Diary
Giving a bear my power of attorney.
What type of dog leaves a mark? shar pei
Guess what? Chicken Butt
what do you call a gay dinosore a gay dinosore
What is Baltimore's favourite instrument The lute
Dyslexic man walks into a bra
It smells like updog in this sub.
What do cows call Frank Sinatra? Old Moo Eyes!
What does Rick and the Llama have in common? Caaaaarl!!
What does it take for a Beatles reunion? Two Bullets.
I'm a schizophrenic And so am I
I have a fifth sense when it comes to smells.
What gets less rain than the Sahara Desert? The sun!
There's two things I don't fuck with... Rattlesnakes. And Condoms.
What kind of tree smells like bacon? (Original?) A Porcupine!
Alcohol is not the answer But it is a solution
where does noah keep his bees? in the ark hives.
Those who dont discriminate sexually are called bisexuals
What do old people smell like? Depends...
Why was Avogadro executed? He was a mole
If you can't do it naked, it's not worth doing.
Hey, college students: It gets debtor.
What goes oh oh oh? Santa walking backwards.
What do you call a flying Jew Smoke
What do you call two Korean lovers? Seoulmates
How does Amazon Mexico pay its employees? In Jeff Pesos.
What do you call a wrongly accused art thief? Framed
romantic comedy about middle aged people playing tennis 40-love
What do you find inside a clean nose? Fingerprints
Have you ever wondered? What it could be loike?
I hate when people don't finish jokes
Perfect timing! This lined up perfectly couldn't resist! http://imgur.com/zR7wcds
The Sorting Hat seems like bad hygienic practice.
Whaddaya call a blind nun? A roamin' catholic.
Breaking News....Explosion at Cheese Factory De-brie everywhere!
What do you call a slutty toaster? A crumb dumpster
What is a fedora enthusiast's favorite cookie? M'lano
What's the most fun a monk can have? Nun
I've waited all year to post this this
Jehovah's Witnesses were the original pop-up ads.
What do you call riot police in Germany? Kraut Control
I hate being bipolar. It's awesome.
Here, let me show you the proper way to micromanage.
I like Gravity... It keeps me down to earth
Cereal is the sweatpants of food.
trump Donald trump-worlds biggist douche
What do little sisters ride? A Nii-san
What does Barack Obama call illegal aliens? Undocumented Democrats.
And your 2015 Miss Universe is Columbia! -Steve Harvey
Prince The artist formerly known as alive
Recep Kostak
Donald Trump is elected president...
What language do cats speak? Catonese
Ladies, when it comes to stalking, I'm 100% behind you.
What's bigfoot's favorite food? Sasquash!
-1 23   It was delicious.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeye.
Happy Fourtho de Mayo.
Use promo code 'NETFLIX' to get 50% off your grades.
What does FUN stand for? Some nights, I don't know.
What kind of cancer was Jar Jar diagnosed with? Meesathelioma.
A Man Walks Into A Bar... And Says "Aw"
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A "Roman" Catholic
Fizzy drinks are Soda-sgusting *bad dum tiss*
What fabric is Mario's overalls? Denim denim denim.
Rabbit TV ESPN had the Natonal Spelling Bee on there.
I got mood poisoning. Must have been something I hate.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An im-pasta!
Which white dude probably had the biggest dick? Michael Jackson
What do viagra and China have in common? Rigged erections
I ate some bad Greek food now I falafel.
Aquafina is Spanish for "tap water in a plastic bottle"
Not Going To Try This Again
What do you call a rude German? A Deutsch bag
Why do businessmen carry umbrellas? Because umbrellas can't walk.
Which purse runs from the law? Disburse!
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
"DON'T YOU WALK AWAY FROM ME" - Farts
Donald Trump. ...That is the joke.
the most semi-awesome vegetable is the rad-ish
What is will? A little bitch
What state do the most math teachers come from? Mathachusits!
What is the KKK's favorite dessert? A Klandike bar.
What's a pirate's most favorite letter? [A letter of marque](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_of_marque).
I like anal sex the way I like my coffee
Najib Razak
A Man Tells a Joke... http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/38ywir/i_want_my_kids_middle_name_to_be_withawhy_just_to/crz16n6
The First Time
What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits
What's Edward Elric's favorite band? My Alchemical Romance
What did the cookie farmer say? "I've been raisin' cookies."
Moths are the hobos of the insect world.
Man found dead in chicken coop. Fowl play suspected.
100% of Guy Fieri fans drive drunk.
FedEx and UPS are merging. Everyone is now Fed-Up
No one ever gets my jokes about UDP.
What do you call a stay-at-home parent? Unemployed.
They sure don't make time machines like they're going to!
You know who's even bigger than Ariana Grande? Ariana Venti.
Santa came last night. Oh god.... it's everywhere :(
Why didn't Hitler drink? It made him mean.
What's Irish and sits out all night? Patio furniture.
What's a panda's favorite drink? Fanta.
What do you call funny laboratory equipment? A comical flask.
"Time is of the essence" Twitter: Hahaha nope
Procrastination is a dish best served tomorrow.
Guess what? Elephant Butt
Why don't we call it Christlmas? Noel.
Three mods walk into a bar... [deleted]
I'd rather fly Oceanic Airlines than Malaysia.
I met a Buffalo Sabers fan once.
Two reddit moderators walk into a bar [removed]
"What the fuck is a newspaper?" - our grandchildren
Warner Brothers' 2015 film schedule.
 Why did the snowman smile? Because the snowblower is coming.
What's the most confusing holiday in the hood? Father's day.
What is a Pokemon master's favorite kind of pasta? Wartortellini!
Why does camping never get boring? Because it's in tents.
What anime do Mexicans watch? Boku no Pico de Gallo
Eye no howe too spiel
What's the difference between a joke and a rhetorical question?
Why did Simba's dad die? He couldn't Mufasa
Quite frankly autocorrect I'm tired of your shirt
I'm on a whiskey diet... I've lost three days already.
What is H.P. Lovecraft's cook book called? The Necronomnomnomicon.
How did the captain describe the newborn puppy? son-of-a-b***h..!!!
Memo to Life: Fewer lemons. More cherries. Thanks!
What did they call taxi drivers in Nazi Germany? Ubermensch.
What does a cannibal bring to a barbecue? (OC) Brats!
I just got a really terrible circumcision What a rip-off!
Feel The Bern? Oh, I'm feeling it right about now.
I'm basically just waiting to eat again.
What has only one arm and can't swim? An excavator.
"For God's sex, stop making fun of my English." #WhereEnglishFails
Ice Bucket Challenge Fail ( French ) 2014
Would a charming vampire be a neck-romancer?
What kind of cancer does an amnesiac oncologist diagnose? Adenocarcinoma
Dating tip: surprise your date by being a giraffe
A lion wouldn't cheat at golf... But a tiger woods
What do you call a blind German? A Nazi
What time do Germans leave their dentist appointments? 2:39
What do you call 99% of /r/politics? Bernd-wagoners!
What word is always spelled wrong? Wrong
Harry Potter was walking down a hill jk rowling
What do you call a sweaty British Millionaire? All-quid.
TIFU by having sex on an airplane ..
What does an old lady's pussy taste like? Depends.
What does a Jamacian call everything he owns? Meetings.
I like my comedy how I like my milk..... dry.
What's Bruce Lee's favorite car? Kiaaaaaaaa
My bucket list. 1. Buy bucket.
What is Forrest Gumps password? 1forrest1
I tried water polo but....
UNCENSORED CARTOONS FUNNY CARTOON BUT NOT APPROPRIATE FOR KIDS
What does a vegan zombie eat? GRAAAIIINNNSSS!!!!
Fucking in lifts is wrong on so many levels
If Europe uses euros shouldn't Africa use Afros?
Why is Epsilon afraid of Zeta? Because Zeta Eta Theta
Tuesday, aka Monday 2.0
What do tumblrinas do on Halloween? They go trigger treating
If you can read this You're not Floyd Mayweather
i'd tell a joke about a vampire but... it'll suck
Where does a Muslim learn to swim? Inshallah water.
Marriage: when hanging out goes way too far.
Do blind people believe in love at first hear?
What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun? Luke warm
Do you know what's black and doesn't work? Decaf Coffee.
I just invented a word "Plagiarism"
What is 6.9?
A Mexican gets deported.
What is Napoleon Dynamite's Favorite TV Dinner? Tot Pockets
What do Jews call a lone rabbit? A rabbi.
World population:7,018,521,683....just in case some one starts feeling too important
Cheese isn't just grate, it's legendairy.
Whats up r/jokes? Not march.
Why is hockey a girls sport? Because it has periods
What's Snoop Dogg's favourite chocolate bar? Sniggas.
Why did the chicken cross the road? For attention
What turns a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS.
I'm sorry, everyone who wrote stay cool in my yearbooks
How do cannibals pick up women? With a fork
The moments I'm not eating are somewhat torturous.
How did the swordsman keep annoying r/jokes? Constant ripostes.
What batteries do turtles use? Durashells
What's the stupidest animal in the jungle? The polar bear
Why does my computer keep saying hello? It's a Dell.
My Facebook movie is okay, but the book was better.
If you hate crime... Is that a hate crime?
What's got 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard
Gay Jokes Aren't Funny. Come on guys.
Original Content. That is all.
What do you call the shiniest people? Polish
Raisins are like tiny senior citizens you can eat.
Gripe Sheet Fun - A Must read
A Seahawk was offered some drugs... "I'll pass."
I ate a donkey steak today It tasted like ass
Knock knock. Who's there? Allah. Allah who? Allahu Ackbar!!!!
The Australian Cricket Team.
What did the sushi say to the bee? Wassabee?!?!
Whats yellow and survives on dead beetles Yoko Ono
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why don't lawyers play  hide-and-seek? Nobody will look for them.
The giant panda is no longer endangered... It's now extinct
*smashes bag of Oreos *pours on top of salad
Luke Skywalker uses the Force. The Force uses Chuck Norris.
What kind of bees make milk? Boobees.
What's red and smells like blue paint?... Red paint.
Intellectual Property Carpe TM.
Gays are fucking assholes.
What tastes great on pie but bad on pussy? Crust
How do you make a plumber cry? Murder his family
Before Twitter I had to disappoint people in person.
Where does a bee put its stinger? In its honey
What do you call a sad coffee? A depresso
What instrument does Mother Earth play? The Qatar.
What's the main cause for pedophilia? sexy children
Happy Groundhog day, everyone!
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little knotsies!
Sheep Jokes are baad.
lazy limerick there once was a man from na-fuck it
Seneca Falls
Have you heard the rope joke? Skip it.
What do kings call musical chairs? A game of thrones.
What do you call a naked golfer? Off-putting.
The punchline Did I ruin this joke?
What's yellow and covers assholes? The Lakers uniform.
What's your best pedophile pick up line?
Why did Hitler go to Sea World? To see Adolphin!
Two peanuts where walking down the street... One was assaulted.
BREAKING NEWS Paula Deen's snack mix now contains "Brazil Nuts"
WinRar is not free software.
Where do people with foot fetishes get their shoes? Footlicker
Somebody needs to wake up Green Day It's October 1st
Someone called me lazy today... I almost responded.
What was Hitler's favourite computer game? Mein Kraft
My neighbors look so happy. We can fix that.
It's called courting because you will need lawyers later.
My iWatch says I masturbated for 6 miles today!!
An Irishman walks out of a bar..
What's your favorite genre of music? "Not Metal."
What's the hardest part of a vegetable? The wheelchair.
What do you NEVER call a black man? a friend
Why can't the T-rex clap its hands? Because it's dead.
It's not 'stealing tweets' if you believe in recycling.
Rape Such a short word for such a long sentence.
When your wife says "It's up to you", it's not.
What Bible verse keeps every student going? Lunch 11:35.
"Does my uniform make me look fat?" -Insecurity guard
It's not gay if it's for a Klondike Bar.
What do you call a slow transgender? Translate.
It's all shits and giggles until........ someone giggles and shits
Don't try this at home. If homeless, go for it!
please, Frankenstein was my creator's name; call me The Monster
Einstein's mother asks him "are you happy." Einstein replies "relatively."
Monica Lewinsky's favorite Green Bay Packer? Clinton-Dix
Your mother is so poor she can't even pay attention.
Why is that cotton candy talking? Grandma, that's Nicki Minaj.
Best joke ever Women's rights
Where do male army priests live? On Chap Lane.
Why does Bernie Sanders use Snapchat? Damn E-mails!
What's Hitler's favorite part of a golf course? The bunker
What do you call emigrates of Sweden? Swedouts.
Who is always your friend at school? Your princi-pal.
What's your stance on public intoxication? Mine is very wobbly.
What Is The Best Boxing A Mexican Does? A: Oranges.
What do you call a lot of cactus? A cac-ton
The Mets got Royally screwed....
"Do you have any children?" Hannibal: "Freezer. Bottom, right."
*tweet gets 3 rts* please no autographs
What is worst then a repost???
Why can't Casper have kids? Cause he has a Halloweenie
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... http://instantrimshot.com/
What kind of bees make milk? boo-bees  (boobies)
What's the definition of "Tender Love?" Two gays with hemorrhoids. 
Does /r/Jokes know any good braces jokes/puns?
What do Romans say when their wives run away? Caesar!
Girl Horribly Rejected https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=va9sVhWuAv8&amp;feature=youtu.be
I met this super nice girl on tinder...
I have no super powers. I'm guessing I'm the villain.
My body is well defined. Look up the word "Flabby".
What is it called when someone overdoses on ecstasy? Kill-joy
Facebook taught me to mind everyone else's business.
What's 12 inches and white? Nothing.
Jesus fed 5000 people with one fish. Holy mackerel.
Who let the dogs out? Sansa Stark
"Let's walk over there" "ok" -couple a cows
What did the octopus make for desert? ...Octopie
What is Hitler's favorite video game? Grand theft Otto
Wanna hear a construction joke? I'm working on it.
What's the most popular contraceptive in Israel? Iron condome
Two guys walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
The Detective Who was the first electricity detective? Sherlock Ohms
What has 2 legs but can not walk? A cripple.
Where do admins go for summer break? Banned camp.
Sportscenter, episode 542783747363467367984768474756431063389425993399064375493638386747899532689432462567953467347: Men talking animatedly.
A joke about Chinese censo...mods [removed] [no-explanation] [wewillfindyou]
which Baldwin went to school? The smart Alec.
She wants to share a Facebook account? Run.
What do Mexicans cut their pizzas with? Little Caesars
How do you stop a nuclear bomb from squeaking...? ...WMD40.
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... Free
TIFU And by I, I mean Ellen Pao.
Three Nuns Walked Into A Bar The fourth one ducked.
Suicide bombers They're a dying breed.
"Stuff that alligator in that dolphin" - God creating sharks
What do you call a disabled Lego? An O.
My Dermatologist makes $60 a Pop !
Which is the most religious vegetable? The Pope-tato
(BAD JOKE) Did someone say pretzels? Yes, you just did
What did the racist cannibal have for breakfast? Nigger-o's
Why was the computer programmer single? Because he couldn't commit.
Why are Reebok Pumps shoes so expensive? Inflation.
What is black and doesn't work? Decaf coffee.
What you call a responsible porn star? Fistfully conservative!
How do black people like their eggs? Poached
What do you say we make this a Not-so-Silent Night?
Who was the chicken's favorite musician? BAAAACH BACH BACH BACH
What do you call a cow masturbating? Beef stoken-off
What Nationality has the easiest time learning sign language? Italians.
Dear Board of Education, So are we. Sincerely, Students
*Closes app. Immediately reopens the same app*
I've got 66 problems and being upside-down is one.
Give em an enchilada, they'll take a milechilada.
Shut up laundry.Nobody wants to do you.
What is a Power Adapter's favorite rock band? AC/DC
What is a catchy Girl's name? Answer: Annette
Thou shalt not commit adulthood
Dandelions are just like regular lions, except they wear ascots.
Which bees produce milk? ...The boo-bees!
What are Marios overalls made of? denim denim denim
What is green and flying over Poland? Peter Panski
Knock knock... Who's there? *sigh* Mormons...
R1D1 must have sucked.
I'm not passive aggressive. Unlike *some* people.
Why are men like paper cups? They're disposable
I just don't have enough middle fingers for today.
Girl with small feet? Will do great in kitchen
What would Bart Simpson's first Steam game be? D'oh-ta 2
What is Lil Wayne's favorite food? Caesar salad
What do you tell an unemployed Rastafarian? Jah bless.
I have a Stepladder.. I never knew my real Ladder
What makes for a good first date? NOT MOVIES
Fart Jokes Are sometimes shitty.
Alzheimer's Joke [Not Sure if Repost]
Barack Obama.
I've hated dentists way before they started killing lions.
A couple who are silly together stay together.
I wish life had a rewindthe-weekend button.
What's the most dangerous thing in your freezer? Ice is.
Is this Love? by Midas Wellbee
Why couldn't the whistleblower step outside? Because it's Snowden.
What's the difference between humans and bullets? Humans miss Harambe.
How do Buddhist monks send emails? They remove all attachments.
About 50% of the time "good luck" means "fuck you."
What do you call spanish suicide squad ? Homicide hombres
So a Trump supporter entered into a logical debate... lol
Which woman has Jesus as a nephew? The Auntie Christ.
What does a baby computer calls his father? Data.
What do you call fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Yo mama is so ugly She makes onions cry
What's Stephen Hawking's favorite meal? His shoulder.
What do you call a high gymnast? Tumbleweed.
He stuck it in the wrong whole http://imgur.com/V7qxO87
Are your parents retarded? ...because you're one special lady!
What's the Turkish version of court packing? Turkey stuffing
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Strokin' Off
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country.
Behind every engineer in jail.... Is an Architect.
What tastes good but doesn't smell good? A tongue. Hehe
What's big and yellow and can't swim? A bulldozer.
*makes Transformer sound effects while I put my makeup on*
What do you call a fight between Jews? A roast
A blonde has a BS in Science... Bullshit, isn't it?
How does Moses make his tea... ... Hebrews it
What is Sean Connery's favorite dish? A seizure salad.
What did the neckbeard say to the mosquito? M'laria
We should stop making racist jokes... ...enough of dark humour.
Puns aren't funny. #They're punny.
Not to sound like a broken record, but moooon rivrivrivrivriver.
Girl you remind me of a... (insert insult here)
How is useless meat around vagina called?.. ... women.
*wakes up from 20 year coma* SHIT, MY TAMOGOTCHI
What do you call a three-humped camel? Pregnant.
What do you call an ugly dinosaur? An eyesaur
How much does Dickbutt make an hour? Minimeme wage
I've just invented a new word: "plagiarism".
"All lower case?" -your mom getting an email address
You think Italians encourage amnesia? Forget about it!
Why does Snoop Dawg need an umbrella?? Fo Drizzle.
Where did the King keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
What does disappointment feel like? [deleted]
Two women were sitting quietly.
Feet are legends
The award for best X-Man goes to... Caitlyn Jenner.
What's a feminists least favorite Pokemon? Abra!
Pretty sure Brazil has an enormous wax museum.
You need an Arc? I Noah guy.
Where do you find red eyed rodents? Hamsterdam!
Attention children: Mom is closed.
You are my methods. I am nothing without you.
what do you call an asian lounge singer? george crooney
I'm naming my kid Johncena Because he was unexpected
Nobody gracefully gets out of a beanbag chair.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? Little Ceasars
What's 668? The Neighbor of the Beast.
A beer walks into a bar And gets drunk :D
Blind people think women's tennis is porn.
My uncle was a weird man...Artificial Legs.... Real feet
Why did the premature ejaculator cross the ro... never mind.
What do you call fake soup? Pho Soup
Where does Santa keep his nuts? In his nutsack...
My friend taught his female dog to add. That sumbitch.
That's it!  q o poq  nq I   sl  s s
What does Salvador Dahli eat for breakfast? Surreal.
What do you call a Chinese millionaire? Cha-Ching.
So I heard Tiger Woods changed his name.. To Cheetah
StubHub should really be a place where single amputees meet.
Having no clue about human anatomy is my Achilles Elbow.
TIL: 64% of Statistics Are Made Up
I accidentally got my mom prego... :( She wanted Ragu.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer? Ash.
What do you call a Chinese Billionaire? Cha Ching.
2 atoms of helium acting funny ~ HeHe
Clones. Clones are people two.
What is the KKK's favorite soup? Clan chowder
Can you spell soft and slow with two letters? EZ.
Gold, frankincense, but wait... there's myrhh
The best things in life aren't things.
What's a neckbeard's favorite country? M'laysia
Teachers be like... That is improper grammar!
Have you tried locking him in your trunk?
Rest in peace boiled water You will be mist.
55378008 Calculator
Just because nobody complains Doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect.
Are jokes about Islam funny? Absolutely, they're a blast.
How did Jared lose 40 pounds? He dumped his girlfriend
No prosecuting Trespassers will be violated
What are Jehova Witnesses called in Chinese? Ding Dong!
It's that time of year. Can't stop eating cornucopias.
*looks up from phone* ...nah *looks back down*
What is a 6.9? A 69 ruined by a period.
How are peanut butter and jelly related? They're inbred
Which dinosaur named all the others? The Thesaurus
Why is Tumblr so unhealthy? It's full of trans fats.
What do you call a soda in love? A Crush
I Like My Women Like I Like My Math http://spikedmath.com/comics/138-i-like-my-women-like-i-like-my-math.png
What do you call a Jamaican squid? Calamarley
Q: Why do bikes have kick-stands? A: Because they're two-tired.
Psychic convention canceled due to unforeseen circumstances
In Canada, every board game is called "Sorry!"
What do computers eat for snacks? Micro-chips.
What do you call a cute shortcoming? Flaww
Richmxnd's life.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The wheelchair.
What is in a virgin candy bar? Cherries and nuts
What's a stoner's favorite body of water? The T.H. sea
How does James Bond type e-mails? With his goldfinger.
How do you lead a horse to water? With carrots
Why was Luke Skywalker late? He didn't run, ewok-ed.
Two Men Walk Into a Bar the third one ducks
Russia's most prolific musician? JOHN LENIN
What do you call the queue to Alcatraz? Alkaline
How do you keep an asshole in suspense?
What's the only painful car rental company? Hertz.
Dude, multiplication is like advanced adding.
Why do Australians always win 4D chess? Double check, mate
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? Because he conditioned it.
What was Anne Frank's middle name? Ashley
Possessio is nine tenths of the word. [Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej8EaLF382c)
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass rex
Every time you watch Jersey Shore another book commits suicide
Everyone have a Good Friday! ...I'll show myself out
I opened the window... And influenza.
What was Hitler's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card? Blue eyes white aryan
Why is Divorce so Expensive? Because it's worth it.
I bet even your farts smell good.
What do Mexican people use to keep warm? Faheaters.
I am bored. Anyone need anything avenged?
What's the difference between 'Oh' and 'Oooh'? About three inches
What do you call a good looking Spanish/Jewish guy? Flacowitz
70's kids won't get this... Social Security benefits -50's kids
Stay away from this guy!!!
here is no straight way to wash a cucumber.
Why are hurricanes named after girls. Because there not himicanes
#ReplaceACelebWithAHouseHoldItem Nail Patrick Harris
Chuck Norris is considered to be high-class Norristocrat.
Raising awareness: Pinatas create unhealthy expectations of levitating rainbow donkeys.
Why do feminists hate Medusa? She's always objectifying people.
The best American joke of all time Healthcare
How did the pilot like his hotdog? Plane.
Who stole the sheets from the bed? Bed buglars.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off!
Why is helen keller a bad driver? Because she's dead
Together, I can beat schizophrenia.
What's your best Bear joke?
I started a merkabah business. It really took off.
Shades by Gucci, shirt by Dolce&Gabbana, face by Douchebag.
What do you call a lonely cow? Beef Jerky
Emotions are like shit Sometimes you've gotta let it out
Donald Trump walks into a bar and lowers it
Koala joke Where do koalas go to school?
Why is Obama left-handed? Because blacks have no rights
How did the blind priest find the choir boys? Satisfying.
I feel sorry for melons... They cantaloupe!
The sexts are coming from inside the house!
If you were a hot chick. You probably just hatched!
How did the jews fight off Nazis? Jew jitsu
Tried to catch fog today Mist
How does trump like his eggs? Whites only
I'm crowd funding an organic lettuce purchase from Whole Foods.
Chuck Norris doesn't get wet, Water gets chuck norrised
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? You Pokemon!
What do you call an alien from Austria? Austalian
See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.
Need an ark? I Noah guy.
livin la vida broka
What is Hitler's least favorite letter? The gas bill.
What makes Rihanna different from other black people Work
I take issue with people stealing magazines.
What is the most positive thing in a ghetto? HIV
What does BBW actually stand for? Boobs below waist.
Want to hear a joke? Adam Sandler's career
The worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses..
HAHAHA...sorry....dont hate me Donald Trump....enough said
Where do some popes get their vestments? Urban Outfitters
They should make it slightly less easy to ruin everything.
What does Darth Vader identify as on Tumblr? Ana-kin
What do you call 2 chainz on steroids? 2-Gainz
What do you call a baby Matt Damon? A new-Bourne
Before the internet, it was way harder to google stuff
Enemas make shit happen. No seriously.
I'm not gay, but 20 is still 20.
What's the difference between Trump and Clinton? 62 Electoral Votes
What is a Fecalpheliac's favorite time of day? Ate Turdy
How does Moses prepare his coffee? Hebrews it.
Where do rednecks eat in the city? Hick-fil-a
What's green and smells like ham? Kermit the frog's finger
Affirmation or irony? Yes.
What does Hitler call something that makes him mad? Infuhrerating
Gandalf is the new head coach of the Seattle Seahawks
Why is there no life on Mars? No WiFi...
what sex position makes an ugly baby??? ASK YOUR MA!
I slay pussy like I slay dinosaurs Not at all.
What's a Navy SEAL's least favourite drink? Canadian Club.
What Do You Call 4 Mexicans In Quicksand? Cuatro Cinco!
What do Canadians put on their steaks? Eh-1 (Sorry)
"Who ate all the crackers?!" - racist cannibal.
Two Irish guys walk out of a bar.
What is Donald Trump's favorite music album? The Wall
To my student loans I am forever in your debt.
Beauty is in the Eye Of The Tiger.
Just ask Tommy Hilfiger it out.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef strokin-off.
Knock...Knock... Who's there? Interrupting cat... Int(meow)err(meow)upt(meow)ing(meow)(meow)c(meow)at(meow)who? Meow...
What do nuclear physicists eat for lunch? Fission Chips.
You are what you eat Asshole
What do you call three Make-a-Wish Foundation kids? A genie.
The only reason /r/funny is funny
Why can't Kylie Jenner see her mom? Because she's trans-parent
The older I get, the more sympathize with Squidward's anger.
TIL Schweiger
"Houston we ... are fine." Female astronaut probably
How do you have a party in space? you Planet!
My 61-year-old stepmom loves your product, Mark Zuckerberg.
What happens when ducks fly upside down?? They quack up
What did water say when ice farted? Ice melt it.
What do you mean by being loud? quiet the opposite.
What's AlQaeda's favorite football team? The New York Jets
How do you feel when you don't have coffee? Depresso.
I peed so hard that a little laugh came out
What's "68"? You do me and I owe you one.
What did the snail on the turtles back say? WEEEEEEEEEE!
"please human with me" - bear
I tried to catch fog yesterday Mist.
Australians don't have sex. ... Australians mate
Why do Jews have big noses? Because air is free
Cokie's Shit Welcome to my shit
What has four wheels, and flies? A Garbage Truck.
What is your favorite change a lightbulb joke?
tegrof reven 11/9
RIP boiling water You shall be mist
Nice truck! Sorry about your small d^i^i^i^i^k
What do you a call tree sex? A treesome...
What is a robots favorite sex position? 1000101
[murders Aquaman with some super absorbent paper towels]
I only like foods that begin with the word "cheesy".
Are there any one word jokes ?
How often do women become completely unreasonable? Periodically.
*sees happy person* Can u stop that
What do you call a fat Mexican? A Juan-Ton
Not liking me will always be your problem. Never mine.
Dark humor is like food... ...not everyone gets it.
I tripped in front of Stephen Hawking. He lol'd.
Sonys network security
Boobs without nipples They're pointless.
"Oh, look at the moon!" I've seen the moon. Thanks.
"ooOOOooo" "oooOOoo" "oooOOoh" "OoOOooh" --spirited debate
What do you call a big debate. A *Mass-Debate*
What happened to the defeatists poker business? It folded.
Why did the prostitute die? Because fuck you, thats why.
H.o.m.e.w.o.r.k Half of my energy wasted on random knowledge
"Are you ok?" "No, I'm bleeding because its fun."
will you marry me? no, marry Christmas!
What kind of wolf never runs? Steppenwolf
What do you call the exact opposite of progress Congress
For Sale: 2kg of Mentha sachalinensis Mint.
Which is the most common font i Mexico? El Vetica.
yo mamma so fat she make a whale look bulimic
Somebody get me a maple tree ... asap!
What is a blonde's mating call? ''NEXT!''
Question everything. Or should you?
Why do Ninjas always wear black? The skilled ones don't.
Today I decided to study abroad... Or maybe two 
I bet Stephen King's kids aren't afraid of shit.
You know why Russia is more productive? They're rushin'
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Haikus are easy But sometimes they make no sense Refrigerator.
What's Scrooge's favourite Christmas  game? Mean-opoly.
What is Mexico's national sport? Cross country.
What do you call a hot fruit? A LAVA-Cado!
What do you call a quiet asian? Silent-li
Brand new porn Genres.. Skin cancer victims starring Bernie Peters
What's one cracker plus two crackers. [257 Calories](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=What%27s+one+cracker+plus+two+crackers%3F)
What type of bee makes milk instead of honey? Boobees!!!
Which flavor ice cream is Dracula's favorite?  Vein-illa.
Why buy an invisible knife? I don't see the point
What does DNA stand for? National Association for Dyslexics
What kind of music does your mailman like? Postrock/Postpunk
Fighting a war on drugs beats fighting a war sober
Another day, another nope.
Two girls one cup in my mouth dick fuckers
my dogs in jail.. for watching kitty porn
I obtained this username today. Apparently I'm the only one.
Why do dogs make good sailors? They know their knots.
Why don't Germans like humour? Because it's inefficient!
Karma has no menu. You get served what you deserve.
Million Dollar Idea ~ A bathroom mirror that takes pictures.
Where do you get bare minerals from? A strip mine
What do you call a blind hooker Free
Son, your chimpanzee girlfriend is tearing this family apart.
Do thin girls know about delicious food?
What is Ronald Reagan's favourite vegetable? James Brady.
mars: I'm wet.... NASA: I'm coming over!
No school tomorrow... Thanks Obama
The powerball 1.3 billion dollars
History channel.
What's black and never works? Decaf coffee
My lizards won't mate... Must be a reptile dysfunction.
"Yous ain't passin'!" - Gandolfini
Favorite Old People Jokes
Donald Trump becomes the new president. Yeah that's it.
Why was the snowman infertile? He had snow balls
Why was there a dyslexic stormtrooper? Sith happens.
A steak pun... ... is a rare medium well done.
What do you call an exploding monkey? a BA-BOOM!
Stop pissing me off or I'll marry you
I'm so single my cat has a cat.
Which is the most dangerous page of the newspaper? C4.
What do you call a banana with a penis dildonic
"Hey mom, where could I buy some paperclips?" "Staples?" "No....Paperclips."
Most people have a schlong You have a schlort
new hipster fad = being really into public domain music
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... ...and he doesn't.
What Did The Muslim Terminator Say? Allah Be Back.
Wanna hear a joke? Non-corrupt african government.
What's the downside to bigamy? More than one mother-in-law.
What beer goes best with pizza? Pepper-Peroni
"What's your view on lesbians?" 1080p
Doctor Doctor I feel like a sheep. That's baaaaaaaaaad!
"TGIM!" - My liver
How do puppets have sex? No strings attached.
Surveys have shown that.. 6/7 dwarfs aren't Happy
A fob told me something the other day
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor.
What is Michael Jackson's favorite piano chord? A-minor
Saudi Arabia now supports euthanasia Just proclaim you are homosexual
What do you call a bouncy plane? Boeing Boeing Boeing
Drake Bell needs to call his child Taco.
If life gives you melons... You have dyslexia
Have you heard that Magnesium is dating Oxygen? OMg
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A Carrot
How do you make a shortcut? With small scissors.
Cut to Obama and Biden silently eating schwarma.
What do you call a fashionable Japanese warrior? Glamurai
What is Bill Cosby's favorite ice cream flavor? Rape.
Which computer is the best at singing? A Dell.
Funny Joke PF debate
What do feminist hate more than men? Sex Offenders
IamA Bing search engine AMA Please. Just ask me something.
9/11 Threesome. When twins go down on you.
What is Bill Clintons favorite instrument to play? His Whore-Monica
The Lizard Child : Funny Youtube Videos
I'm not saying your dumb. I'm saying you're dumb.
what do you call a chinese millionaire? Cha-Ching
I'm 0C and what is this? Get it? Lol
The Creation Museum commercials on TV...
What do reddit admins eat? Everything
I've never grabbed less than fifteen napkins.
How did the Scot die? He got kilt.
What's Forest Gump's password? 1forest1
In some people's eyes, throwing acid is wrong
I love how Xanax spelled backwards is retard
What'd the homeless guy get for Christmas? Very hungry.
What do aliens use to buy their coffee? starbucks
Money talks ...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
'What I'm about to say is extremely important!!' -Drunk people
My dick is a joke Nobody's ever seen it coming.
What's pink and fluffy? Pink fluff!!!
How do you make an egg roll? Push it
I don't trust stairs They are always up to something.
"This love triangle is WAY too complicated" Pythagoras' other woman
Burglar gently waking me... "you live like this?"
What do the police hate most? Blackmale
I don't Bolivia Peru-v it.
Strangers on a Train
Why do neckbeard dentists love Cats the musical? Because m'cavity.
I don't like nosey peppers they get Jalapeno buisness
"Make cave drawing. It last longer." - Cavewoman bitch
Apple made a bomb It was called the iED
You know what I don't get? Laid.
Hey Home Shopping Network: We have the internet now.
What's your best "A guy walks into a bar" joke
Organ Freeman http://i.imgur.com/plVQyUC.jpg
The Brooklyn Nets
What's Irish and stays out all year? Patty O'furniture.
What kind of dough do Hobbit bakers use? Frodough.
The David Cameron diet: You'll never lose your pounds quicker.
You're so unfamiliar with the gym... You call it James
Which trigonometric fatio is obsessed with the pokemon Suicune? EuSINE
Why is it called a 'dad-bod' and not a 'father-figure'?
Onions are the Russian nesting dolls of the vegetable world.
Describe yourself in three words. I am a rebel.
What's a camel's favourite song? Bat Out of Camell
"You're mother." (thing to say to your mother).
What receives a man's first blowjob? An NES cartridge.
What do SQL programmers do at night? Count star.
I remember 2014 like it was yesterday
A gymnast walks on a bar.
How do Gay Men get divorced? Both sides get nothing.
Dolphins thats just a kids TAIL (get it)
What do you call a really bad mind reader? Telepathetic.
Who can beat any burger at golf? Any LINKS sausage!
A baby seal walked into a club ...
Why did Uhuru get mad? Because William Shatner.
I guess you could say Mendeleev's Birthday comes around periodically.
Someday I'll find a good commie joke... Marx my words.
TIL Socrates' last words. "I drank WHAT?!"
Collection of Spicy Jokes on Every Subject
Someone turn off the internet I'm trying to sleep
knock,knock Canoe. Canoe who? Canoe help me with my homework?
What do two Wrights make? A plane
Wtf I feel like I pay these bills every month.
Bunny The energizer bunny just got arested for battery.
I have an L shaped sofa lowercase
You know what is funny? Not this sub...
"I'm caught in a love hexagon." - polygamists
What do you call the Israeli martial art? Jewjipsu
What's brown and sticky? My Beyonce calendar.
Where did George Washington keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Why are pirates so fat? They eat too many cAAARRRRRbs.
What did the egg say to the hot water?
Do you know what really bugs me? Insect puns
What game do French schoolchildren like to play? Simon 16
A man walks into a bar A paraplegic rolls.
A space heater... would have to be huge.
"Moo." - hipster sheep
Throwing acid is wrong.... in some people's eyes.
Just remember... you're unique... Just like everybody else.
Gay guys are OK... ... they're just indifferent.
Why won't you read this joke? Cause you've already reddit!
How do gangsters receive communications? Gmail
They say it's a joke, but, is it?
Broken toilet = Bad shituation.
Gandolf here, TIFU by letting the Seahawks pass
Anyone notice the irony behind "hyphenated" and "non-hyphenated"?
What's the cheat code for Friday?
monica lewinsky had one job.... and she sucked at it.
What did the mexican get on his SAT's? Taco crumbs
My girl says I'm like a volcano in bed... Dormant
Her love makes my world go round.
Why are gametes so popular? Because sex cells!
Who do patriotic latinos talk to? You ese.
What do you call an Asian prostitute? Chinese-y
What's red and orange and looks great on hippies? Fire.
What does a paint brush eat for dinner? Bristoles!
Due to unfortunate circumstances, I am currently sober.
July 4th celebrates the original Brexit. Thanks George
What porn do Saudis get away with? Camel toes.
Two neanderthals had a baby... No Homo
What did David Bowie want for Christmas? Carrie Fisher.
What did the frustrated cannibal do? Threw his hands up
How do you stay hidden in the Desert? Camal-Flage
Why did the hobbit go vegan? Because MEAT IS MORDOR!
What's a monster's favorite bean? A human bean. 
an irish man left the bar...... no, really, it happened......
An Irishman walks out of a bar. ...
Old But Gold Two dyslexic men walk into a bra...
What do you call a pile of kittens? A Meowntain
I'm single by choice...of others.
What do the letters D.N.A stand for? National Dyslexics Association.
I don't like 2k+1. He's so odd.
My sex life That is all
Uh oh. My car's GPS asked me, "Who's Siri?"
Apparently "will work for food" doesn't involve hunting.
Starbucks puts the fee in coffee
Where there are 4 irishmen.... You always find a 5th
[NSFW]- What is David Bowie's zodiac sign? Cancer.
Why does everyone hate peppers? They always get jalapeno business!
Don't tell a Klepto this... ...they take everything literally.
Q: Why was the broom late? A: Because he overswept.
Pi compliment Wow, you look radian today.
I made up a new word plagiarism
heard this one today what's Michel Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli!
You're the she to my nanigans.
Help I'm addicted to skin I can't stop wearing it!
What tree gives the best high-fives? A PALM tree!
Note to self Don't buy one.
nock nock whos der? i dunt no anser da door
What an old women's vagina taste like? Depends
I was thinking of making sperm-brand merchandise... ...because sex cells
Alzheimer joke (Not sure if repost)
What is white, and 14 inches long. Absolutely nothing.
A man walks into a restaurant...
Your mom... ...is so fat she always follows her gut.
Where do beavers go to cash their paychecks? The riverbank.
Two guys walked in a bar and said.. The Game.
What do you call a wanderin' nun? A Roamin' Catholic
Knock, Knock Smell mop.
What did Thomas Jefferson grow? Old.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotopus
Two rules for success! 1. Never reveal everything you know.
Why did the plumber cry? His family died.
Joke: Genie in the bottle | geaNostra
Wanna get laid? Crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
Cracked a joke about the Titanic. Went down well.
Can't sleep. Too excited for Arbor Day.
What do you call soap for your ass-hole? Shampooder.
What did the jew post to the nazi subreddit? r/roastme
What type of grapes do Indians like? Gangrapes
What's the worst thing about sex? Buffering.
I have sexdaily... I mean dyslexia fcuk!!! &gt;_&lt;
How many lives does a German cat have NEIN!
What do you call 4 lepers in a jacuzzi? Stew
What's Dracula's car called? A mobile blood unit.
Lol Q: What's Peter Pan's favorite restaurant? A: Wendy's!
What class does everyone remember fondly from Highschool? Nostalgebra
Is your refrigerator running? Because I might vote for it.
An Irish man left the bar
How do crabs travel cheaply? Pubic transportation
What will it take to reunite Nirvana? Two more bullets.
What did Tennessee? The same thing Arkensaw.
How did Hitler tie his shoes? With little nazis.
Let's see here... Said the blind to the deaf.
How does a pirate greet a sea monster? What's Kraken?
Why was 6 afraid of 7.938? It was being irrational.
What is Popeye's favorite Led Zeppelin song? Olive My Love
Maybe Hitler did nothing wrong... Maybe he was reich.
What do you call a confused Chinese guy? Wong Wei
Cannibals probably instagram pictures of their next door neighbors.
I bet Seal is terrified of shark week.
How warm is the inside of a Tauntaun? Lukewarm.
It Only Gets Worse As An Adult, Charlie Brown
Who is the richest painter ever? Monet.
ow do you organize a space party? you planet
What is the fear of prostitutes called? Ho-bia
What do you call an accurate dog? Spot-on.
[PICKLE] Our first chance to help our new ally! http://www.reddit.com/r/pickle/comments/1a2xg8/next_attack_for_our_entire_army_march_12th_at_520/
What kind of clothes do lawyers wear? Lawsuits.
Girl, You're like the devil. Hot as hell and horny.
Shortest joke about misfortune A seal walks into a club
Why doesn't Jesus buy beer? Hebrews.
"Stop peopling around" - horses?
Highlighter pens are the future... Mark my words
I was gonna make a sodium joke but... Na
Miley Cirus' nipple slip at MTV's VMAs
The worst analogy ever is like pudding.
Was Johann Sebastian Bach wealthy? No, he was baroque.
American Fat Man Falls... ...Levels Japanese City.
Movember may be over... ...but Pubecember is just getting started.
What's a Judge's favorite drink? Guil-tea!
What form of radiation bakes you cookies? A gramma ray
Studies show That 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy
Why are proteins so bad at poker? They always fold.
It's no fun when someone you're ignoring ignores you back.
Where did the memes make their last stand? The Aylmao.
I married a kleptomaniac... She stole my heart.
My wife has the hottest ass in the world... Me.
The NA cs:go scene
Some people get athlete's foot. I get Twitter butt.
Are we dangerous? "Yes" replied mother earth.
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1Forrest1
What is iron man without his suit? Stark naked.
Shoving a hose up someones butt. What a douche move!
Jokes are like frogs... they die when you dissect them
What does a North Korean ricochet sound like? PYONG! YANG!
What do you call gingers in Auschwitz? Concentrated Orange Jews
What is a religious gorilla called? A monk-ey
What's Medusa's favorite kind of cheese? Gorgonzola.
Salads don't kill people. People who eat salads kill people.
What did Eminem learn to defend himself? Marshall arts.
What do you call a beloved terrorist? Guantanamo Bae
How do billboards communicate? Sign language
How do you mail an egg? In a henvelope!
What do you call a fear of chainsaws? Logic.
Dyslexic's of the world... ...untie!
What does Captain Falcon drink in Hawaii? PUNCH!
I have a multiple personality disorder... And so do I.
It's hard to do stuff because, you know, internet.
I used to be indecisive.... Now I'm not so sure.
What do Canadian squirrels eat? Eh-corns.
Why are Vampires Democrats? They want Gore in 2000.
Why did the calendar die? It's days were numbered.
Necessity is the mother of Cessity. Also Shaquanda.
What do 6.28 people eat? 2
How do you make a girl gain weight? Marry her.
What's another name for black pitbull? Flo Rida
Why wasn't Vladimir late? He was Russian.
Iron Man is actually a woman He's a Fe Male.
What is a terrorists favorite snack? An Allah Ak-bar
What do u give a woman who has everything? Penacilin
What was Jesus' reaction to being crucified? He was cross.
I want to cover you in expensive things like gasoline.
What do lesbian couples do once a month? Finger paint.
What do you call fat people eating McDonalds? Cannibalism
I just invented a new word. Plagiarism.
So Pepe is now an international hate symbol... FeelsBadMan.
Don't study me,,,,you wont graduate!!
What's a bear's favorite kind of treasure? Bearied.
the Facebook app for iPhone
So Mrs Lincoln... Besides that, how'd you like the play?
What runs all day but never gets tired? Water.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalottapus
When life gives you lemons Drink the kool-aide
Fabulous Prime: The Gay Transformer.
Darth Vader's full name is Dartholomew Spaceinvader.
Why can't two melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Unicorns have the best poker faces.
What is the opposite of progress? Congress
If you want big tips... ...circumcise an elephant.
Why is everyone afraid of seven? Because seven eight nine!
Obama is in a sinking ship. Who gets saved? America
X-post from /r/christianity t
Why does Pinocchio lie? because he's a fucking liar
DILN IS A BADDY HAHAHAHA
"Eat the booty like groceries" -Albert Einstein
What country has the most people? Brazil... They've got Brazillions
The only laid I'm getting... is laid off.
What did the black kid get for Christmas? My bike
What has two holes and smells a lot? Your nose
What is Buddhism measured in? Oooohms
I like my coffee how I like my women warm
Why do bunnies have soft sex? They have cotton balls.
What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women?... Snow-balls.
Corn mazes are a bit redundant.
Like it or not this joke is binary.
How is cat food sold ? Usually purr can !
A mean mathematician is just an average guy.
Why was the calf afraid? He was a cow-herd!
What do Americans call the summer holidays? Ceasefire
Ovulation jokes aren't funny. Period.
*feels painful possible cavity* *eats chocolate to feel better*
What did all the creepy people do before the Internet?
I don't hate bread I loaf it 
NO one Loves me .... No one hates me Forveralone
What's ET short for? Because he's got little legs.
Why did Adele cross the road? Because she wanted to
"Say no to Lindsay Lohan" - Drugs
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian? Jah Bless
I've never seen a nudist I wanted to see naked.
i made a joke about /r/jokes mods [Removed]
So there's this guy that yawns a lot........ YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWNNNN
What does Fabrizio like to put on his sandwiches? Mustardo!
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
What's an alcoholic's favorite type of soap? Bar soap.
19 and 20 got in a fight... 21
How do you organise a party in space? You planet.
Are you an infidel? 'Cause i beheaden' your way.
What kind of murderer has moral fiber? A cereal killer
What do the Chinese call their spies? Secret Asians.
Nostalgia ain't what it used to be
To all /r/Jokes subs you really need the A
"This bouquet is missing some flowers" I said lackadaisically.
My jokes are like space trash... They never land.
What do snowmen eat for lunch ? Icebergers !
My parents were shot and killed in an alley feelsbatman
What does a black lawyer deliver in court? Nigga' pleas
What do you call a nursing bear? A titty bear.
What was the pornstar doing in school? Analogy
What do elephants use for tampons? Sheep.
What is the opposite of Christopher Reeves? Christopher Walken.
How do you measure a great misunderstanding? In kiloWats
Why is divorce so expensive? Its worth it!
I must be an odd one Because I can't even
I wonder. Was the Terminator not always... arniemated?
Why can't America play chess? Because it's missing two towers.
Tell y'all what I know about dwarfs.. Very little.
And the Oscar goes to... Prison.
Never trust atoms. They make up everything.
Oh, man! It really smells like upfoo in here!
Have you heard about Trumps plan for Mexicans [Removed]
What did Snape say at Alan Rickmans funeral? Nothing.
Wanna hear a joke...? Youtube ToS.
Did you hear the watermelon joke? It's pitful.
Male porn stars are some of the hardest workers.
I like my violence like I like my beer.. Domestic.
What is a knight's favourite fish? A swordfish!
The US Government
I really hate it when People punchup the fuckline
What do you call the musical Messiah? Gsus
If you need an ark built... I Noah guy
Free air! (Help yourself.)
Muhabbetin hasn Geekyapar! Can Sungur buralarn tek adimini mi?
What does a Necrophiliac get at funerals? Mourning Wood
What's the Wifi password in a mosque? AllahIsTheOne2345
Happy Independence Day Except For Slaves Day!
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit's fingers!
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit's fingers.
*tosses banana peel out the window during a police chase*
Anne has a will.. Anne has a way.. Anne Hathaway.
Anesthesiologists are so boring. They put me to sleep.
English Folk Customs by Morris Dancer
Never answer an anonymous letter.
What do you call a bowl on the internet? Ebola
Chainsaws: because "The Texas Weed-whacker Massacre" just wasn't scary enough
My girlfriend is like my car... Stolen property
Why couldn't the American leave Russia? He was snowden
Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly sheep. 
How does a Rabbi make tea? Hebrews it.
What do baby parabola drink? Their Quadratic Formula!
I like my women how I like my coffee Cold
Briefly explain 'hard water' ice
Is that a noose necklace? That's knot cool.
How do you make soup golden? You add 24 carrots.
My dog ate itself I think he's Asian
Why did ISIS stop looting viagra? The goats all died.
I was in a tornado. It sucked.
-Here_is=ajoke/for=people/good_at-reading_between|the\lines_
How To Be Cool A) Use cool sunglasses emoji. B)
WTF!!!! My son just called me the N-word!! Neglectful
Friend: You know that country song that goes- Me: No.
Who is Soulja Boy's favorite person ever? ..........YOUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!
The Coal Industry... ... has come under fire lately.
How do you keep a redditor in suspense? [removed]
DJ Khaled must be asian.... all he does is nguyen.
What do you call a gay Mexican? a spigot.
What is blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot A carrot
Who burns their own city down? The people of Ferguson.
Knockknock, who's there? It's Harry. Thankyou, Knockknock
Knock-Knock, Whose There? "Peephole salesman!"
A guy walks into a bar.... ouch
What will Putin have for thanksgiving dinner? Turkey
Your love life
Laziness is when a person doesn't fake that he's working.
Relationship status  bathing everyday isn't a priority anymore.
What does a vegetarian hunter say before dinner? "Lettuce prey"
This joke is a repost [removed]
I like to tell self-referential jokes. Like this one
What fried food will shut your neighbor's dogs up? Hushpuppies.
What kind of type face does a pachyderm use? ele-font
Why does Helium go up? Because the floors Argon.
What do you call the removal of a fence? Defence
How did the Bohemian pay? Just a Check
What kind of bee's make milk? BOObees!
What kind of sex does a priest have? Nun.
Condoms. I can't wrap my head around them.
*wears reindeer antlers* *innocently smiles* *bats eyelashes* *steals your wallet*
Which Disney character is Trump's favorite? WALL-E
I tried looking up my future I saw no results
I wish I could Google search...Who likes me?
Most arachnophobes end up secretly being spiders themselves
What kind of dog can do magic tricks? A labracadabrador.
What was the Mexican killers name? Tequila
What do you call the largest angle? A Kurt Angle.
How do Germans tie there shoes? With little Nazis.
Where do Irish people go for breakfast? Drunkin Donuts
What's better than eating a mandarin? Eating a manda-out.
Britney Spears' career That's the joke.
WIFE: You overreact to everything! ME: [phones police]
Two dyslexic men walk into a bra.
What is the official fruit of gays in Texas? Canteloupe
What did the 8 say to the 0? Hey, fatty
what do you call someone with unreasonable hearing? ear-rational
What do you call a nosy pooper? An eavesdropper!
What's better than winning the Special Olympics? Not being special.
What's the smartest piece of lab equipment? A graduated cylinder.
What is the difference between "ooooooh"and "aaaaaaah"? About three inches. 
What do most people wear to court? Law-suits
Pig Breeding by Lena Bacon
Why do women shit?
He who goes to sleep face down... Crack up.
I wear Fake "Vans"(Shoes) So I just call them cars.
Knock, knock
I'm so fat... ...my favorite super hero is the supermarket.
Three reddit mods walk into a bar [Removed]
Roger Ailes buys a puppy. He calls it Colby.
Have you ever had ethiopian food? Neither have they
Im having a Shitty day.... Tell me a yoke
How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl+Esh
Yoga, a Hindi word meaning I hope I don't fart
Female without the vowels is 'FML'. Need I say more?
Who is the funniest American politician? Hillarious Clinton
I can build things out of wood. Canoe?
Tomorrow's Thanksgiving! Have a fowl meal!
"To be and not to be" ~ Schrodinger's Hamlet
The text says it all It all
He always finds himself lost in thought; it's unfamiliar territory.
MOOF What goes moof? A cow with buck teeth.
Who makes the sweetest video games? Masahiro Saccharide
I have the talent of getting tired without doing nothing.
Major in Freudian Psychology Minor in the back seat.
What is Mary short for? She ain't got no legs!
Seasons Greetings by Mary Christmas
What are the sickest rock layers? The ones with diabases.
Wait - my gym moved? In 1997?
never trust a business that uses Papyrus font
We need to be more concerned about dinosaur ghosts
What do you call Bruno Mars? Michael Jackson the third.
What do you call a fast, Spanish paedophile? Rapedo
What's Irish and stays out on your deck? Paddy O'furniture
If you're black and you know it.... drop that T.V.!
How do you circumcise a whale? Four skin divers.
2 Muslims walk into a bar. The bar explodes.
Two peanuts were walking down the street One was assaulted
Common synonyms of unemployed. Writer, blogger, and activist.
It's weird how in England the passenger drives the car
Life with erectile dysfunction is hard But really it isn't.
What do you call a phobia of chainsaws? Common sense
I've got 70 hobbies. '69'ing and fishing.
The plural of "person on Segway" is "losers."
What's a neckbeard's favorite pokemon? M'champ
Jesus loves you. But I'm his favorite.
Do know who the ultimate CrossFitter was? Jesus.
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
"It's pronounced Jeff" "Whatever you say, Goff"
What do you call a jewish pokemon trainer? Ash.
What did the fish say when he hit concrete? Dam(n).
I bet you I could stop gambling.
The name's Bond. Ionic Bond. Taken, not shared.
What can't teenage girls do? Even
don't joke about arthritis It's too close to the bone
What do Brazilian cats speak? Purr-tuguese
What time are most dental appointments scheduled for? Tooth hurty.
Who build King Arthur's round table? Sir Cumference
The man who invented AutoCorrect has died. Restaurant in piece.
TIL I'm always submitting to the wrong subreddit.
Where did Hitler keep his armies? In his sleevies. ^^^^Sorry
How much power does a nun have. Nun!
What's the best kind of bee? Boo-bees
What's a Neckbeards' favourite colour? M'genta
Why did SJWs call out Medusa? She kept objectifying people.
Muslims in the U.S.A [Removed]
Whats a sugar free drink's favorite abbreviation? 0mg
What's grey and comes in pints? An elephant.
Why can't Hellen Keller drive? Cause she's dead
Is it wrong, to put people on your bucket list?
What's Sarah Jessica Parker's favorite dance move? The Neigh Neigh.
What's a tree's favourite composer called? Bach
What's an Afrikaner's favorite game? Apartheid-and-go-seek.
What kind of bees produce milk? Boo-bees
What is the best joke that made you LOL?
What's a loli's favourite car? A Niisan.
How do you get a Ford recalled? Wait.
What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
Knock-Knock... -Who's there? -Doctor. -Doctor Who? -No, bitch. Doctor House.
Yo Momma is so ugly that she scares blind  people!!!!
What kind of drugs to tumblr users take? Anti-oppressants.
I'm smiling. This should scare you.
A Thought About Posthumous Autobiographies They're all ghost-written.
Be alert! ... the world needs more lerts.
What diapers should you put on a dead baby? Pamperspired.
Sneezing while driving is my version of extreme sports.
What type of cheese lives under your bed? Muenster.
WHY IS IT CALLED "CAPS LOCK" AND NOT "CAPITAL PUNISHMENT"
What's the famous Confederacy battle cry? We Surrender!
A dyslexic tries to use public transportation Whoops, wrong sub.
What kind of footwear do Whitewalkers use? The Hodor-eliminating kind.
*uses Ouija board* NEW PHONE WHO DIS
Want to dance? Or should I go to hell again?
French Stoner Joke: 80
What is loud and sounds like an apple? **AN APPLE!**
What's a hippy mothers least favorite sport? Formula one!
Can you believe they're the same age? http://www.foxnews.com/slideshow/entertainment/2015/10/07/stars-who-are-the-same-age/#/slide/kylie-maisie-same-age
My dad hasn't uncrossed his arms since I was born.
If Two Chainz orchestrated 9-11 He'd be called Two Planes
How did Jesus stay in such good shape? Cross fit.
How do trains eat? They go chew chew!
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit? BANANANAAAAAAA
You're so fake... Even China denied they made you
If a pika sneezes... Is it called a Pikachu?
I married way too young She was chinese.
My study buddies, Reese and Shey. Aren't they beautiful? [=)](http://i.imgur.com/K4L0fXJ.jpg)
Old Man and his Babies
Which space on a Battleship grid guarantees victory? I1
Where do poor noodles live? In the spaghetto
if you love dictionaries so much why dont you Merriam
HEY LOOK AT MY COCK!!! Isn't it a pretty rooster?
Why is money green? Jews pick it before its ripe.
If Donald Trump is elected president... there'll be hell toupee.
What do you call over the counter Viagra? Mycoxafloppin
what's the most common allergy among gay men? Heeeeeeyyyy fever.
Islam? No. Is pork. That's not Halaled.
"Nobody move!" - 19th century photographer
Did somebody unplug Brazil's controller?
Here's a Metallica joke for you. St. Anger.
What do you call a Redneck Baker? Inbread
If my wife made whiskey, I'd love her still.
What doesn't kill a grammar nazi makes me wronger.
What do you call an expensive circumcision? A rip off
What is the world coming too? Porn.
What do you call a black abortion clinic? Crimestoppers.
Why do people buy smart cars? Because opposites attract.
Frolicking: The act of licking afros.
Why does Tumblr hate symmetrical shapes? Because they can't even
Jewish If a Jew celebrates christmas they're only Jewish.
Where do poor people live in Italy? In the spaghetto
Just cracked Forest Gump's password. 1forest1
So a redditor was on a date with his girlfriend...
Donald Trump What a joke!
What did the HTML coding dog say? Href Href!
"I think I have Ebola." "JUST DO YOUR DAMN HOMEWORK!"
Jokes about menstrual cycles are not funny. Period.
Relationships last longer when everybody doesnt know your business
What do you call a fake pasta? An impasta.
With great power... ... comes a great electricity bill.
Lindt have done well this Christmas They've made a killing
What did the Japanese stoner say? Toke yo
Breaking Science News: LHCb confirms existence of exotic hardons.
Why's the sink depressed? It's been feeling drained
Why isn't Helen Keller a good driver? Because she's dead.
Q: What's the Internet's favorite animal? A: The lynx.
Stops rape every time Consent
What was Hitler's favourite air vehicle? heilcopter
Actual Mechanical Advantage(AMA)
What's Hitler's favorite aquatic animal? A dolphin
Whats Wolverine's favorite genre of music? Metal.
"Yeah, engage your core or whatever." - impersonal trainer.
What is a cat's favorite tropical destination? Meowi
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
"Let's eat, get drunk and watch people exercise"  sports fans
What is Shaun Morgan's favorite food? Seether salad
Curiosity actually killed my cat. Worst stripper ever.
Knock knock Help
If you are telekinetic, raise my hand.
What do you call a Mexican knight? The Chosen Juan.
I used to have S.I.D.S now I have PTSD :(
What do kids eat for breakfast? Yogoat!
What's your favorite color?
Walnuts make my every cookie a game of Minesweeper.
Someone keeps throwing cheese at me Yeah, real mature.
What do you call a bossy potato... A dicktater
What's Whitney Houston's favourite type of co-ordination? HAND EYEEEEE..........
What do you call Murayan Sukumaran's new wife? A necrophiliac.
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare
What's the toughest type of pie? Punkin pie
To whom do agnostics pray? To whom it may concern.
I know where you live In a house
"Mommy, mommy, mommy, mom, mom, mommy, mom, mommy!" -Mormon kids
Fat, single and ready for a pringle!
Girl, are you Sodium Hydroxide? cause you basic.
Whats a potheads favorite vehicle? The cannaBUS.
What was Viktor Frankenstein's favorite sport? Body building.
What do you call a skinhead underwater? An oister
Where do African cannibals get their food from? Blackpeoplemeat.com
What kind of fence goes on strike? A picket fence.
Whats the longest running Canadian joke? Terry Fox
Q: Who's the funniest girl you know? A: Lola.
What idiot called them Ex-fiancees' and not 'Near-Mrs' ?
What do you call Sting 5 minutes ago? Stung.
I ate pelican today Never again. The bill was massive.
Sometimes an unfollow can be so therapeutic.
What is the only English word a French-Canadian knows? Sorry.
How does a train eat? It goes chew chew..
Procrastinators be like; Sofa so good My attempt on pun
Greeks lined up for ATM? Isn't that kinda their thing?
Are you a cat person or a person person?
Define "Will" Isn't it obvious? It's a dead giveaway!
Absence makes the heart want to fondle other people
What do you call a one legged woman? Eileen
What's the opposite of an antijoke? An unclejoke
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? because they can't C#
Making writing mistakes is in my blood. Type O.
Tried to catch fog today. Mist.
*Eats a snack while making a snack*
What do you call a Hindu lizard? A karma chameleon
What's the key to a great Thanksgiving? Turkey
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it.
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr Dre...
What do Hutts use to program computers? JabbaScript
What do you call a sick russian? A sicka blyat
What do homeless people get for Christmas? Hypothermia.
My ex girlfriend had huge tits Ahh such good mammaries
When is "shit" not ever "real"?
Anyone ever seen Stevie Wonders house? Neither has he!
Latvians don't know Fonz... ...they don't have happy days.
Dirtiest joke ever told A pig rolled in the mud
What dance moves do physicists do? the torque
How did the farmer find his wife? He tractor down
Me: Help Universe: LOL
I graduated in zooscatology. "BULLSHIT!"
I tried to catch fog the other day I mist
What do you call two ordinary ghosts? Paranormals.
I bought some expired gummy bears today. They tasted Haribo-l.
Knock Knock. Who's there? It's me Mario!
What is Donald trumps favorite street? Wall Street *badum tshhh*
Why did hitler buy glasses? He could NOT SEE.
Dark Jokes are like food. Not everyone gets it.
Why are uncircumcised people loners? Because they're complete dicks.
What are stories about oranges? Pulp Fiction
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... *Free*.
What did the mountain say to the desert? "you're hot"
What kind of Pop do you cook with? Baking Soda
What I lack in imagination I make up for in....stuff.
What part of Canada do the Inuit control? Nunavut.
I just bought a notebook with perforated pages... It's tearable.
What kind of shoes does Voldemort wear? Hor-crocs.
When's the best time to procrastinate? Later.
Q: How does an octopus go to war? A: Armed.
What's worse than being 32 being turdy too
When does 1+1=3? When you don't use a condom.
What is the computer's favorite food? Microchips.
Politics... ...
So you want to hear a joke My life...
Canadian Defenition Canadian (noun): An unarmed american with health insurance
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her!
I scream, you scream, this funeral just got more interesting.
What do you call a Japanese Halloween Cake? Bookkake
The Post Script by Adeline Extra
Despite my last 12,000 tweets, I'm actually really fun.
A tropical joke Mangos into a bar.
What's a KKK member's favorite car? A crossfire.
I really hate stoners... They are so blunt about everything.
What do cats eat on a hot summer day? Micecream!
Did you hear about the world's greatest ninja...? Me neither.
A boomerang is just a frisbee for loners.
God doesn't normally poop, but when he does..... Holy shit.
I was sailing a yacht with my stomach, abseiling
What's yellow and lives off dead beatles? Yoko Ono
Contact Ad "Seeking man with ponytail. Hairstyle doesn't matter"
For hire: Unemployed dwarf No job; too small
What do Hispanic weeaboos say on Christmas? Feliz NYAHHHH-vidad
Three guys walked into a bar... the fourth one ducked.
Lying through your teeth doesn't count as flossing
Never trust a depressed elevator. It'll only bring you down.
What STD does a hip black man get? Kool-AIDs
What do you call someone who really likes balloons? Autistic.
Whats Lil' Waynes favorite pizza place? Little seizures
What does batman like adding to his drinks? JUST-ICE
What do you call a squadron of baby soldiers? Infantry.
What's a chiropractor's busiest day? Throwback Thursday.
A piece of ham Ham is ham. The end
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND EYEEEEEEEE
"I literally can't even!" -- White girl hanging a picture
Most 00's kids won't get these... Decent jobs
What tense do Italians speak in? Pasta continuous.
So I found out Viagra's pharmaceutical name. Mycoxafloppin
I'm watching 'Dexter' for inspiration. Entertainment. I meant entertainment.
What was Stalin's favorite chemical equation? HAmAr + SiCl
Pee pressure > peer pressure
Why didn't the USSR get anything done? They were Stalin
What do you call a police officer's favorite metal? Copper
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
What's 72? 69 with 3 people watching!
Is life fair? Short answer: No. Long answer: Noooooooooooooooooooo.
Insert racist joke here... Change location of joke to Ferguson.
1 out of 5 dentists just likes being a dick.
Today I checked my privilege... [] Privilege
"Does this mean that we're going to be BFFs forever?
If she's on top... You're fucking up.
xpost from /r/tellmeajoke TMAJ that includes "shotgun" and "paring knife"
I go to the gym religiously Christmas, and maybe Easter
CRABS THINK WE WALK SIDEWAYS
Why do stoners love couches? Because of their 'cush'ions!
what do you call a pair of scratchy balls testickles
P is for psychic.... Pumpkin squash!!
5 out of 6 scientists say Russian Roulette is safe.
What did the mod say when he was wrong? [BANNED]
Why cant Helen Keller drive? She's a woman
What is a rock's favorite band? The Rolling Stones.
What's A Jew's Favorite Kind of Drink? Concentrated.
What makes you sweat during the summer? A sweater.
Hey dude, want some sodium hypobromite? NaBrO, I'm good.
What does amnesia mean? Someone told me but I forgot.
Do you need an arc? Cos i noah guy
Thanks to Twitter I now consider 140 characters "literature".
whats the Mexican version of whack a mole? gua-ca-mole
What does batman add to his tea? Just ice.
What's an epileptic persons favorite pizza place? Little Ceizures.
Why did Snoop Dog go to cinnabon? Fo' Drizzle
Interested in: ( ) men ( ) women (X) food
Reddit, how do you ruin a punchline? [removed]
I wonder how many miles I've scrolled with my thumb.
what's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why is it called Armageddon? Because everyone will be *ermahgerd*'n
Be good to yourself, you're all you've got.
Nothing is as effective as homeopathy -Peter Serafinowicz
"Balls." said the queen. The king laughed, he had to.
Liverpool FC
I joined /r/NoFap Never thought it would be this hard...
You know what sucks? Vacuum cleaners
"To Kill a Mockingbird" "Oh, I just used a slingshot."
What's Pao's favorite Chinese dish? Infant children.
Something came in the mail today deez nuts
"This tofu tastes like chicken." No one believes you dude.
Whats Darth Vaders favorite alchohol? Darth Jaeger
What do you call a good looking canyon? Gorge-ous
Why aren't burgers too good at basketball? Too many turnovers!
Lower your expectations and I will totally amaze you.
I don't find it hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.
What do you call a gay Jew? He-blew
Can a match box? No but a tin can. (sorry)
How did Steve Jobs die? From PC
How does a cow kiss? Smooooooch
What do you call a dancing cow? A milkshake
I was thinking about making a sodium joke ...but Na.
Michael J Fox SMH
Illiterates won't understand this joke.
My penis is only two inches From the floor
Lif is too short.
Gay jokes are not funny! Cum on guys!
What is Apple users favorite movie? No Escape
Why non-smokers don't take bubble blowing breaks is beyond me
What is a Detective's favourite pastry? The Tooth Hurts Donut!
Who is the only superhuman Frozone can't deal with? Thor.
Wife leaves: Ok. Wifi leaves: NOOOOOOOOOO. I can change!
How do you get to Oktoberfest? Follow the lederhosen.
Slept with my internet date... Got a virus
How does it feel to be out of coffee? Depresso.
In terms of sausages... Hitler was the wurst.
How do druggies store their data? LSD Cards.
What do you get if you squeeze a synagogue? Jews.
I'm at that age where food makes me fat.
I like my beer like i like my violence. Domestic..
Man with premature ejaculation seeks understanding woman. Nevermind, I'm done.
What's the national bird of Iraq? The drone.
How did the Jewish alcoholic survive The Prohibition? He-brewed.
How does a Welshman find sheep in tall grass? Irresistible.
Jared Fogle is pleased sentence is under 18 years.
What is a redditors worst nightmare? [removed]
A magic eraser, but for my bar tab.
I tried to catch some fog the other day... Mist.
What's the worst part about having Comcast internet? Loading...
How do electricians meditate? Ohmmmm, Ohmmmm
School is the foreplay of life You can't rush it.
Why are black people always wrong? They have no rights.
Parachute for sale: Used once. Never opened.
I don't like referencing Not et al.
If Women Ruled the World
Abortion jokes aren't funny Cut it out.
Arteries have a special place in my heart
Joke What did the egg say to the moon
What is headache ? 5 minutes talk to wife.
Calculators are useless What I need is a calcunow
Reddit Jokes are so stupid! See what I did there?
What do you call a lesbian chicken? A sticky beak!
What do particle physicists like to drink? Pina colliders.
Where did Little Sally go during the bombing? Everywhere!
What do they call the Hunger Games in Africa? Tuesday.
I like my jokes like I like my burgers. Cheesy.
I don't like generalizations... They all suck.
How do they dance in Arabia? Sheik-to-sheik (cheek).
My scale is broken. It only seems to go up.
For Sale: Parachute Never opened, slightly stained.
Kidnapped ! by Caesar Quick
Who is the greatest Jewish cook? Hitler.
If you aren't a Nazi right now, thank a veteran.
What is a lesbian's favourite Liam Neeson film? Snatch
Guns don't kill people. Dying kills people.
Two women sitting quietly.
What do you call a man who can't stand? Neal
Al-gebra is a mysterious organization. There are lots of unknowns...
Whats bigger than your balls? The moon
"Oh Shit, Was That Today?" an autobiography
Where do Mormon deer call home? Salt Lick City
The national bird of Syria is.. ..a drone.
What's the difference between golf and sky diving? Twack......... Shit!
Why doesn't Tyrannosaurus Rex fly? They're all dead!
Unicorns are extinct because they weren't horny enough. mind=blown
No YOU sober up, lamp.
What do you call a broken square? A REKTangle
What did the horny frog say? Rub-it
Monotony is my favorite bored game.
I liked you better before we met.
Michael Gove as Education Secretary
I can convert alcohol into an idiot
Why can't a tyranosaurus clap? It's extinct
What shoes do pedophiles wear? White Vans
Hipsters only know their weight in Instagrams.
Whats better than winning gold in the Paralympics Walking
RAPE YOUR FACE WITH A MACE
Life just handed me lemonade. Not sure what to do.
How do French mathematicians cover their genitals? With Undeuxwear
What's the worst part about fuckin terrorists? Their hairy assholes...
I'm addicted to Soap But I'm clean now
Parachute for sale Used once Never opened Small stain
Girls are like dead babies... There's several in my basement
Toilet humour isn't funny It's just crap.
What kind of church does a triangle attend? Anglican.
What does a horny frog say? Rub it- rub it
What do you call a vegetable that's kinda cool? Rad-ish.
So there's 100 000 pascals in a bar...
What do pirates of the 21st century wear? An iPadth.
Abortion jokes They really suck the life out of you
Lost an electron Really gotta keep an ion them.
[burglar gently waking me] you live like this?
United Kingdom More like... Divided Kingdom.
Botox has a new theme song https://search.yahoo.com/yhs/search?p=i+can%27t+feel+my+face&amp;ei=UTF-8&amp;hspart=mozilla&amp;hsimp=yhs-004
Kids from '00 won't get this... Childhood
Here's my review of the sun: One star.
What's red and looks like a bucket? A red bucket.
Spelling Errors? I don't do that typo thing.
Smallpox sounds so adorable
Where are male pornstars buried? Deadwood.
Bruce Jenner? More like Bruce Transjenner!
A joke about construction... It's still needs work.
Are curses real? of course the f*cking are... (thanks dad)
What kind of father names their child Adam? A scientist.
Fox news in four words: "I'm not racist, but..."
How does an Eskimo build his house? Igloos it together.
What do you call a computer that sings? A Dell!
Where is Pinocchio's website? On the splinternet.
/r/jokes won't get this.. karma
England at the 2014 World Cup
What's a dog's least favorite unit of measurement? Pounds
Found an eyelash on my pizza. Wished for more pizza.
Knock-knock. Who's there? Beefst.
Who called it "falling in love" and not "assisted suicide"?
The funniest joke I have EVER seen on /r/funny You.
What gas do snails prefer?  Shell.
Little known fact: Arizona's state flower is pavement.
Looking to sell me theremin. Haven't touched it in years.
What do you call fake German currency? Question marks
Life milestone: when your iPhone stops autocorrecting "fuck" to "duck."
Why do bachelors like smart women? Because they're so rare.
What is Samsung CEO's favorite movie Total recall
What do you call a computer that sings? A Dell.
World's second shortest joke An Irishman walks past a bar...
Just pushed my cat's paperwork off his desk.
What's an SJW's favourite animal? A Pander.
,,,,,, Find me a rainbow. I never understand lyrics anyway.
How do you make a pheromone? Let his people go!
Have you ever had sex while camping? It's fucking intents.
How do construction workers party? they raise the roof.
whats black and doesn't work? decaf coffee, you racist bastard!
My 40 time Is about 4.2 gulps
Why did the banker leave his job? he lost interest
What kind of music do chiropractors listen to? Hip-pop.
How do you crack a joke on r/Jokes? ctrl+v.
God I'm glad chicken breasts don't have nipples.
What do you call a gay French baker? A faguette
What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies? Snowballs
LPT: Reproduce
When is a door not a door? When its ajar.
What is the official bird of love? The Swallow.
Never tell a blind Catholic that seeing is is believing...
What's Sting's favorite Olympic sport? The long hump
I had a bad donair earlier Now I falafel
How does Stevie Wonder check Facebook? With his EyePhone
I took an IQ test. The results were negative.
DATING TIP: add Free Wi-Fi' to your dating profile
LEGALIZE MEDICINAL MURDER
Do you know any good water jokes? Well?
"Why is that cotton candy talking?" "Grandma, that's Nicki Minaj"
What did Santa say at the brothel? Hoe! Hoe! Hoe!
I am not guilty - Wai Hang Mi
I want to name my next pet Peeve.
What would a cross-dressing psychologist wear? A Freudian slip
What did the ZERO say to the EIGHT? Nice belt
How do you eat a computer? byte by byte.
Ok, another Grandfather joke. Just kidding, they're both dead.
Your mom xD
An Irshman leaves a bar.
What's long, hard, and fucks old people? Osteoporosis
Dear GPS, Please add an, "avoid ghetto" option. Sincerely, Scared
what's the height of trust? two cannibals in a 69
Happy Easter And to the Jews, better luck next time
Where do vampires learn to suck blood? Law School.
What kind of dance do buns do? Abundance.
An identity thief... takes things personally
What does a redneck Buddhist believe in? Reintarnation.
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have Ethiopians.
My drug dealer cracks me up.
Squad goals: To have a squad
Where do Muslims go when they die? Everywhere.
I think I've finally crossed the line. ~~Line.~~
Why are some people so odd? Because they can't even.
What disease do elderly dinosaurs get? Jurassic Parkinsons
Gay people are not mean They're just fucking assholes.
Why are executioners so rich? Because they make a killing
What's a Jamaican's favorite brand of paint? Benjammin Moore mon
I make bad jokes This is one of them.
What kind of vitamin does a pirate take? Vitamin sea.
Cogito Ergo Spud. I think, therefore I yam.
A techno song lasted longer than my first marriage
I lost 130 pounds in a year. She left me.
Moms. The original autocorrect.
What did Captain Picard call his poop? Captain's log
How do you piss off a feminist? Done.
Like arguing with a forest fire.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? With Little Caesars.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? With Little Caesars!
Why is Ironman a superhero? and Ironwoman a command?
What do you call an angry, seafaring mathematician? -rate!!!
What does every funeral begin with? fun!
What did Hitler call his records store? The Vinyl Solution.
Why is Thor's brother always overlooked? Because he's low key.
What type of gun does a feminist carry? A revulva
What is Shrek's favorite book? Don-key xote
What is Jamaican Pikachu's favorite dance? The Polka Mon
It's weird that you need money to stay alive.
"Incontinence hotline... ...can you hold?"
True laziness is being excited when plans get canceled.
Plunging... ...is like performing CPR on your toilet.
"Cash or Debit?" "Did you just assume my tender?!"
"There's a sleeping person. Let's go ask it questions."  Children
See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil... Rohypnol.
I'm not racist... ...because I have a color TV!
What do you call a sour black man? Vinigger.
[MEGATHREAD] The Post Formerly Known as Prince Since he's gone.
What's a ghost's favorite sexual act? Booooooooooooookake
Nothing good can come out of answering your landline.
Dial Up Connection Was the original Dubstep.
Yo mama fell down... The physicists discovered Gravitational waves today
What is Medusa's favorite cheese? Gorgonzola.
Diarrhea is hereditary It runs in your genes
What's the difference between American and Canadian? A boat.
I'd like to travel to Holland Wooden shoe?
What sport do Japanese people watch? Desuball
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
She's as smart as bait.
Push to Add Drama
What do you call 6.02*10^23 butts? Molasses
What's your new year's resolution? Mine is 1440 * 900.
What's Beethoven's favorite favorite Japanese weapon? Ka-ta-na-na!
What is religious favorites food ? Chop Suey
What do elderly zombies crave? BRAAAAAAAAAAAAANS
Knock-Knock!
Never trust your kids. You know who their parents are.
What do you call a Nazi's concealed weapon? Auschwitz blade!
What is a polygon ? A dead parrot !
Are you in search of a P-Pun? Urine in luck!
These generic frosted flakes are ooooooookay.
Why did the lemon go sour? Because it had Lemon-Aids
Forgets to set alarm, wakes up 3 days later.
Why don't biology and physics get on? They lack chemistry.
Guess who's been sober for 10 months? Robin Williams.
How do most women like their eggs? Ovarie-z
How do you keep an idiot busy? loading...
I have two personal trainers... One on each foot!
My rap name is "NO PLANZ."
What is Superman's comedy sketch show called? Essen-El
Why was the jacket stinky? Because it was a windbreaker.
I have daily sex Sorry, I mean, dyslexia.
I don't have multiple personality disorder and neither do I.
What comes first? The Chicken or the Cart!
I won the lottery for a million dollars today.
One iPhone in an Apple Two iPhones is a pear.
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist? The Pokemon.
Why can't you trust an Adam? They make up everything.
I'm a social vegan I avoid meet
My clothes were traumatically stolen from me. But I've recovered.
*gets into any creepy van* *Gets kicked out*
What do sea monsters eat? Fish and ships.
My stainless steel scissor rusted How ironic.
My IQ score says I'm intelligent. My dating history disagrees.
What is E.T. short for? It has little legs.
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexics Association
Gay jokes aren't funny Cum on guys...
What church do hypocrites belong to? All of them.
To err is human, to arr is pirate.
What happens when Bill Gates gets mad? He gets philanthro-pissed
whats black and burns? stevie wonder answering the iron
Which clown has killed the most people? Ronald McDonald
What do you call a dog underwater? A sub woofer.
How do cats park their cars? They *purr*allel park
Where does a person with one leg work? IHOP
What do you call cheese that's not yours? NACHO CHEESE!
Bruce Jenner Why don't more people call, Bruce Jenner, TransJenner?
Whats Irish and stays out all night? Patty O'Furniture
What do you call a ghost's fart? Spectral emissions.
Great minds think alike but great behinds stink alike.
Nothing ruins your Friday like realizing it's only Thursday.
Where does Chewbacca research his college essays? Wookiepedia
Mohammed Mo Problems
Reddit nowadays This post is locked
What usually comes in handy? A virgin.
Tater Tots are chewed up French Fries
The most common phrase in China: "Hey! You look familiar!"
I'm sleeping in this morning. Bladder: MUHAHAHAHA!!
gleda Fata kuvarsku emisiju na TV... XD
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Tennish
What does a Nazi Turkey say? Goebbels, Goebbels,Goebbels...
Roze-Slovenijatruplo Band -Roses Boses
You are the pebble in my shoe of people.
Why do bees stay in their hive during Winter? Swarm.
My favorite superheros are.. Baskin and Robbin!
How is soy and dildos similar? They're both meat substitutes
Where do Muslims go on a weekend? To Mecca Bingo.
The Chocolate Bar by Ken I Havesum
What's 6.9? A good thing ruined by a period.
How does the astronaut cut his hair? Eclipse
What sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mom.
The set of tools that mods can use.
Why did 9 bust 1? Because 6 8 9
What's the most boring cut of meat? Filet minYAWN
Knock Knock... What's the best "Knock Knock" Joke?
which cola brand sources its water from the oceans? PepSi
Pregnancy- The number 1 cause of arranged marriages
1 3 5 7 I can't even.
What's the Only Planet That Gives a Crap? Uranus.
Why didn't the bicycle cross the road? ...he was two-tired...
What do you call a pissed-off Founding Father? A Cranky-Doodle-Dandy!
What letter has to wait in line the longest? Q
Why do dogs lick their balls? Because they can.
Tweet idea: a funny and popular one
Where did Mary go during the bombing? Everywhere
My favorite kinds of people are sandwiches.
What does an orphan get for Christmas? Really lonely.
A repost walks into a bar
What is a cannibal's favorite soup Sign language soup
If you want to feel the bern Have unprotected sex.
I wish I was as photogenic as most puppies.
"Don't get any ideas." - Worn out light bulb
Why was C afraid ? Because other alphabets were **NOT-Cs**
How do you circumsize a blue whale? Four skindivers
I'll always cherish the original misconception I had of you.
Guess What? Chicken Butt.
What is Will Smith's job ? He's a blacksmith
I don't downvote. It's bad karma.
What drug is most destructive with phones? Crack.
Pirate: The cannons be ready, captain. Captain: Are.
Have you ever tried eating a clock? It's really time-consuming.
Hey Target, it's Mid October, calm the fcuk down!-Santa
What did the socialist use before candles? Electricity.
So a baby seal runs into a club... ...
I wonder if whiskey thinks about me too.
The Flame of my Lighter smells of burned Nosehair!
Hey, guy who named the mustache Hair lip was available
Reasons to date me: 1) 2) 3) please?
What has two legs and bleeds profusely? Half a cat.
What do you call sandpaper in Iraq? A map.
What is the Opposite of Palindrom? NTSCindrom HAHAAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAHAAHAHA
African swimmer
What's it called when a pig kills itself? Soooey!-cide
What number is most common in earth sciences? e
In the event of death... find peace in Trump.
Jokes about 9/11 Shouldn't be allowed to fly.
What's an activity 9/10 people enjoy? Gang rape.
Juliet: yo I'm dead Romeo: same Juliet: OR AM I...
A sitcom about teen girl aliens called UFOMG.
Question: What's another name for pickled bread? Answer: Dill-dough.
What do Mexicans put under their carpet? UNDERLAY! UNDERLAY!
How do mermaids have babies? Sea-sections
How do you comfort a grammar nazi? "There, they're, their."
Pregnant. It's like ignant, but there are 2 of you.
What do you call a fish with no "eyes"? Fsh
Hey feminists, 70% of a penny for your thoughts?
"I love you...conditionally." -Cats
What kind of computers do chihuahuas like best? Lap-top!
It's ironic that pregnant people have to order virgin drinks.
What do you call a sexually repressed bandit? Rubbin' Hood
Why is the moon tastier than Earth? It's meteor.
How did i escape Iraq? Iran.
A drum solo but on your face.
What are the sexiest farm animals? Brown chicken, Brown cow!
What do you call a broken vibrator? A dildon't
I love standing up.. ..but I can't stand sitting down!
What's a bisexual's favourite food item? Chestnuts
Counterspace..... is that like antimatter?
How much do flying broomsticks cost at Hogwarts? Quid each.
What fruit can't marry Cant-elope
I tried to catch some fog once... ...mist.
In my opinion, One by Metallica... Is a 10/10.
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission. 
What is a neckbeard's favourite email client? G'mail
Where do Na'vi go when they get hurt? ICU
Dear Gingers, It could be worse. Sincerely, Albinos
University: "Got any money for tuition?" Me: "Go Fish"
You guys should get [Naked](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/e/eb/NakedJuiceLogo.png/170px-NakedJuiceLogo.png) at Costco
"What's life like in North Korea?" "Oh, I can't complain."
What do they call a bra in Sweden? A holdsemfromfloppin
What do you call an overpriced castration? A divorce.
It's taking Arby's forever to fry my salad.
I am really feeling like a bicycle today. Too tired!
Wanna hear a racist joke? Shame on you
Valve Half-life 3 confirmed
What does Wayne Gretzky's wife call him? "Wayne"
WHAT A PRANK
What internet provider does Satan use in hell? Comcast
A dyslexic walks into a bra..
Does a cow have the Buddha-nature? Mu.
My coworkers are fucking retarded children. Surely thats illegal.
The New York Mets.
Global warming can reduce terrorism because the isis melting.
You walk into a bar It's a gay bar, faggot
Whats the most sexually frustrated food? Cantaloupe.
Specimen: An Italian astronaut
You know what ruins a rape? Consent
Dark humor is like food. Not everyone gets it.
Where will you find the best jokes? Not on /r/jokes
You're so poor... Ethiopians donate to you.
What does a lesbian pirate say? Scissor me timbers!
Top Rated Videos: Dangerous Joke ever.Baby is being Edict.awkward http://streetpranks.blogspot.co.uk/2014/11/dangerous-joke-everbaby-is-being.html
Why does SnoopDogg always carry an umbrella? Fo Drizzle
What is it called when Batman skips church? Christian Bale
Chamomile tea makes chamomile pee.
What do you call an orchestra with bronchitis? A coughcoughony!
What did 0 say to 8? Nice Belt.
Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
what's food backwards? vomit
A real titty bar would only serve milk.
What is a seal's favorite drink? Club soda
I hate Russian nesting dolls They're so full of themselves
My girlfriend is like Christmas.. Only comes once a year.
Can you spell very happy with three letters? XTC (ecstasy).
Its march already Life is marching forward
Aching Joints by Arthur Itis
Why cant Gingers make shoes? They wouldn't have a sole.
Sharks have a whole week dedicated to Chuck Norris.
Awkward penguin http://tinypic.com/R/2lcwja/8
What was the ninja pigs' surprise attack called? Hambush
What disease does a mad scientist have? boffin spongiform encephalopathy
Apathy, lethargy, stationary. Words to live by.
How do you get a nun pregnant? You fuck her.
How do you get a nun pregnant? You fuck her!
What did terrorists say in Paris? "Charlie has been neutralised"
How does a sailor remove a condom? He farts.
one plus one equals a window
Donald Trump's bid for the presidency. [See: username]
I have half a mind to get another lobotomy.
Color-blind gang members always shoot the wrong guys.
Good jokes are like pizza. This is not a pizza.
What do FRENCH people order from McDonald's FRENCH fries hahaha
What is Jesus' favourite dessert? Propheteroles
"FOILED AGAIN!" --Leftovers
I regret every fart I ever held in for you.
Teaching Japanese kids how to eat with spoon and fork.
What do Canadians say after a prayer in church? Eh-men
What's a polar bears favourite pasta? Penguini!
There's two things I hate.... ...Racists and black people
What's invisible and smells like bananas? monkey farts
What did the black kid get for christmas? Your bike.
What do you call a blind German? A Not-See
Dad is the polite way of saying Motherfucker.
What do you call an aardvark astronaut? A starredvark!
Europe. Made in Germany.
What is a sorcerer's least favorite disease? A staff infection
C'mon phone, let's go to bed.
People that climb mountains just follow a natural inclination.
A transgender person has a child Now he's transparent.
You can't trust atoms... They make up everything.
Yo mama so fat, her patronis is a cake.
What are Mario's overalls made out of? Denim denim denim.
Jokes Know any lion jokes
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? 9/11
Do babies know they're stupid?
What is batman's favorite food? BANANANANANANANANANANA
Nice jeans, everyone in the 90s.
[Ventriloquist Mafia] "Oh we have ways of making people talk."
Misery loves company. But not you. Even Misery has standards.
How to Diet Successfully by M. T. Cupboard
How do they package bread at the bakery? They baguette.
Women left at the alter near-Mrs
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? because they taste funny
How does a German call an Irishman? Komm, Sean!
Dogs have masters. Cats have staff.
What do Chinese people call Chinese food? Food.
I highly recommend anything. - Stoners.
Ok redditors i need your best volleyball or nazi puns!
Epic camping trip last weekend!! It was in tents.
In capitalist America... bank robs you!
Why Math is like Sex?
if you fap on a plane is it hijacking?
Oh Tuesday. You are the Director's Cut of Monday.
Whats the most dyslectic part of Asia? Croatia!
What do the french call 4/20? 80
One old song. A thousand old memories.
Knock knock... Who's there? I did up. I did up-who?
What is a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math subject? Triggernometry
What presidential candidate currently has a beard? Hillary Clinton.
Beer before liquor, never sicker. Toothpaste before orange juice, dead.
So a cannibal passes a priest in the woods.
I wish making friends didn't involve talking to strangers.
Three jews walk into a bar... ...a bar mitzvah.
Why do Nazis hate Canadian summers? They're mostly Julys.
My new bondage equipment really ties the room together.
The Colts...
Angelina's Twins Photographed In Public For First Time
A man walks into a bar, He says ouch.
I am liking the people from Finland They always finish
Him: Are you perioding? Me: Are you deathwishing?
I cry at the end of sandwiches.
What's a martian's favorite wine? Chardonayy.
The key to great joke tel TIMING! ling is
electricity is from electrons... morality from morons?
What is a horse's favorite condiment? MayoNEIGHS
How did Ramadan go? It went by pretty FAST!
And the Oscar goes to... ...Jail!
Is your wife single?
What do you call banana shoes? Slippers.
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit the Frog's fingers.
How much money did the bronco have? Only a buck!
Just bought my gay son some Brunchables
What's Trump's Secret Russian Code Name? Agent Orange
What type of fighting technique do amputees practice? Partial arts.
What do you call an arcade in eastern europe? czech-e-cheese
*Michael Cera stubs his toe on a cotton ball*
Daddy what is a transvestite? -Ask Mommy, he knows.
Why are all German cats dead? They have nein lives.
Palpatine what was your involvement in 9/11? Flew it.
What do you call gay potatoes? Homofries!
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Benedict Cumberpatch's full name is Benedictionary Cucumbercabbagepatch.
What do you call dangerous precipitation? A rain of terror
What is the gardener's favourite fruit? Plantain.
I dropped my toothpaste! ...Tom exclaimed, crestfallen.
What's the difference between a Pokeman and a Pokewoman? Pokeballs
I read the terms and conditions.
Who is the best jewish cook in the world? Hitler
What do you call a nosy pepper? Jalapeno business!
Paraguay-Uraguay in the final would be so guay.
2 Stormtrooper are eating a Wookie steak it was chewy
What did the octogenarian pirate say? Arr matey!
Funniest joke you will ever hear. You.
My sex life...
You've probably heard this joke before. It's hilearious.
A mod goes into a therapy for dyslexic people.. [deelted]
"Torture me" said the masochist. "No" the sadist smiled.
What's a theif's favorite dance move? Poppin' locks
I love Italian jokes. They really help the day go.
Donalds trumps presidential campaign
Duct Tape Turning "No no no" into "mmm mmm mmm"
If apple made a car... Would it have windows?
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of co-ordination? HAAAANNNNNNNDDDDDDDDD EYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!
Two guys walk into a bar... third guy ducks.
Why was 9 afraid of 20? 28 29's
If you're having relationship problems, confess to God not Facebook.
What does a sick ninja practice? kung flu
How do people in Iowa get elections? By watching corn!
wanna hear a pizza joke? ....nevermind its too cheesy
Where do police put their drinks? Copholders
Why can't Nietzsche use pencils? Because they're all pointless
My rap name is When i$ Lunch
What do you feel when there's no coffee left? Depresso
What sex position creates the ugliest children? Ask your mother
Where do facts come from? The factory.
Mountains aren't just funny... They're hill areas.
Why didn't the circle want to become 3 dimensional? S'fear.
Cleavage: The best popcorn catcher.
Where is the 'L' in christmas? There is noel
The worst things in life are free, too.
People who misuse apostrophes can go to he'll. (OC)
If meat is murder..... Than are blowjobs cannibalism?
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken.
What do you call a journalist in Russia? An ambulance.
So I suppose Obi-Gyn Kenobi would have used the forceps?
What do you call a Mexican with bullet wounds? Spicoli
Are you gluten or something? Because you're inbred
It's official. I hate Nickelback more than terrorism.
What starts with r and ends with d? [removed]
I drive an Audi to compensate for my innie.
Do white boys with dreadlocks know about Garnier Fructis?
What do you call a missing shape? A polygone!
What is zombie's favorite hiking snack? Entrail mix
What type of government rules the butterflies? A monarchy
What is a Hindu? It lays eggs
Which chord is essential to every Christian song? Gsus
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowntain.
What do you call really good tea? Qualitea.
What did one gay horse say to the other? Haaaaayyyyy
What's long and white? The line to Starbucks.
It was a rainy day in California...
What's black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer...
What wood doesn't float? Natalie Wood.
What's the best thing about kids? Making them!!!
My underwear is spoiled.
What do you call a Mexican midget lady? Cuntswaylow
Who's the biggest celebrity in the Vegetable world? Ocra Winfrey
How does every racist joke begin? *looks over both shoulders*
Where did Zooey Deschanel grow up? In Albu-quirky.
What do you call a scent that wanders? An a-roam-a.
Why can't Polack women use vibrators? They chip their teeth.
Who is Monica Lewinsky's favorite NFL player? Ha-Ha Clinton Dix
What do you call a hobosexual? A bum fuck.
The only girl who ever texts me... Is Amber Alert.
What do you call a Battlefront without EA? Bttlfront
What does a jew eat sushi with? Goy sauce
In which month do women talk the least? February.
My best relationship advice: Make sure you're the crazy one.
What's a sailor's favorite solvent? [Cycloheptane](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycloheptane) -- the Seven Cs.
Where do Chinese babies come from? Vachina
Happy new year everyone! Sorry, I'm a premature congratulator.
James Bond is my favorite drunk, horny murderer.
My family tree is a cactus,,,,,, Yeah, we're mostly pricks.
Why can't you keep Jews in jail? They eat lox!
The Atlanta Falcons
Yo mommas so ugly.. Scorpion said "STAY OVER THERE"
The only thing I arouse is suspicion.
*eats banana seductively Banana: I have a boyfriend
The absolute value of 0 is no laughing matter lol
What never comes but always leaves? My dates.
What's Brown &amp; Rhymes With Snoop? Dr. Dre
Who was the most famous pirate octopus? Captain Squid!
An Irishman walks past a bar...
She blinded me with Science. Okay, it was pepper spray.
A dyslexic guy... Walks into a bra.
I like my TVs like I like my women Curvy.
Three helium atoms walk into a bar HeHeHe
Sex is like ping pong. I suck at it.
What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt.
What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt!
Liar is such a harsh term, I prefer Politician
Would you guys buy Apple's new product for lumberjacks? iWood.
Terrorist Threat Level: Porcupine
What blood type do happy people have? B Positive.
knock knock for the watch
Made this one up today: Knock knock I eat mop
Americans are just Canadians that someone fed after midnight.
What critically acclaimed movie did Zeus star in? The Godfather
Official /r/jokes announcement
Where do emos get their gaming gear? Razer.
I went to a seminar on drilling methods yesterday... Boring!
What is Michael Bay's favorite move in chess? C4
Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.
Don't try "to" tell me how to use quotation marks.
TIL Today I learnt what TIL meant.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef jerky
What's a mathematicians worst nightmare? An EULer spill
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work...
Kids say the darnest things, Said Bill Cosby.
My favorite Yoga Pose is the Upward Facing Couch Potato.
What does a colour's laugh sound like? Hue hue hue
Oh stop it! I'm not superficial. I'm just ficial.
Anger. It's all the rage. .
What famous American filmmaker lived in a safe? Vault Disney
What do you call a jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
What's smokey the bear's middle name? The.
When life gives you dilemma make dilemma-nade
Why should you not shop for plywood? You'll get bored.
The penis mightier than the sword. haha penis.
God hates fags The smoke annoys him.
I walked into a shop yesterday... 14 stitches.
2 guys walk into a bar 3rd one ducks.
why are black people so tall? because their knee grows
Gary Busey speaks in Wingdings font.
What's the highest number in the world? 420
AMA REQUEST: Kurt Cobain oh... oh yeah thats right.
Anything is 'bite size' if your mouth is big enough.
What kind of music does a mummy like? (W)rap music!
What is Helen Keller's favorite color? Corduroy!
What dino was known for having distinguished tastes? A Connosaur
Tomorrow: The best labor saving device of today.
People who mispronounce Grand Prix... ...are just grand pricks.
How do you make a flea circus? From scratch.
Wanna hear a ghost joke? That's the spirit!
What was Captain Picard's favorite kind of train? N-Gauge.
Holiday typo: "give my beast to your lovely wife!"
we get it people on instagram you went outside congratulations
What does D.N.A stand for? National Dyslexic Association
Why did the toast drop his ice-cream? He had butterfingers!
Tasteless Joke (NSFW) Knock Knock, Who's There? Two Dead Babies
Why was 5 afraid of 7? [Because 6, 7 8.](http://www.reocities.com/Area51/Meteor/9836/yoda/yodafunface2.jpg)
I thought I liked spheres then I realized they're pointless.
Nothing ruins your Friday faster than realizing it's only Wednesday.
A mime that texts LOL is dishonest.
Even better than breakfast cereal: Lunch cereal and dinner cereal.
What did Timmy get for Christmas? Cancer
Sex toy or Dog toy? What do you think?! http://www.cinderellastyle.com/can-you-tell-if-its-a-sex-toy-or-a-dog-toy-game-show/
I heard I'm so bad at making jokes. It's laughable.
How do porcupines make love? Very, very carefully.
What a Chinese Restaurant Owner's Preferred License Plate? 888 MSG
Where did Hitler put all the Jewish cats? Meowschwitz
What did Hitler Drink for breakfast? Jews.
Damn, redditors are lazy... They don't even finish their
What kind of movies do pirates watch? ARRRR Rated Movies!
What do cats major in college? String theory!!
Have you ever had sex while camping? It's in tents.
Every baby deserves a fair shake.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk
What did the guy with bad internet get? Loading...
Note to self: I am a note
Why can't Ganondorf use the Internet? There's too many Links.
Knock Knock Who is there? Aula. Aula who? ALLAH HUAKBAR!!!!!
What's a cannibal's favourite type of food? Finger food!
Why don't lobsters share their dinner? Because they're shellfish!!!
whats girls' favorite language pythong
I am much less afraid of jail when I'm drunk.
What is the shortest street in the universe? Planckstrasse
Where do ghost trains stop? At devil crossings.
Incest A game the whole family can play.
M.C. Escher walks into a bar forever.
What's a porn stars favorite golf course? The inter course.
I'm a die hard Bruce Willis fan.
What do ghosts use to predict the future? Horror-scopes!
What is a recently divorced woman's favorite fruit? Mango!
Quickest way to offend a Jew you tell them Noweh!
What's a ducks favourite snack? Quackers! **EDIT: Spelling**
Who called it Osteoporosis and not Epic Frail?
Jokes so bad.... [..they will make you ho(a)rse](http://www.arkinspace.com/2011/07/jokes-so-bad-they-will-make-you-hoarse.html)
If you were a pizza... you'd be a pizza shit!
I love pressing F5 It's so refreshing.
What do you call a cashew in space? An astronut.
Here's a bit of advice for you Advi
Reddit servers.
Kim Kardashian as First Lady
What to hear a joke about dementia? Pickles
A power-tripping mod finds a comment he disagrees with... [deleted]
What's the downside of house arrest?
What's a jewish man's favourite song? Tanakh Tanakh Tun
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven "ate" nine.
What instrument does the Irish chemist play? The boron.
What do you call a drug-addicted duck? A quackhead.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
What did the prostitute say after fucking Jesus? Nailed it!
What do Indians live in? Poverty. :(
You really have to hand it to blind prostitutes
What do choosy moms choose? abortion.
Chivalrous Indian
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasaurass.
What's Natalie Portman's favorite element? Thorium.
I like my pizza "Chicago" style. full of bullet holes.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. So is marriage.
Feminist Picnic... No sandwiches were made.
How much does a Satanist weigh? A pentagram.
I don't have a small penis... its just "fun sized".
Chicken pot pie. My three favourite things.
I am in NO condition to drive. (I'm a woman.)
90s kids won't get this, either ... Psych!
Science Jokes Thread on AskReddit! For your amusement: http://en.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1auxsf/what_are_some_funny_scientific_jokes_that_you_know/
What is a mortician's favorite side dish? Gravy
Woah! Brian Williams' fly is wide open! Newsflash.
Mitt Romney.
Who takes the most drugs? The police.
What do u call a black abortion? crime control
You know what makes a lot of sense? A dollar
White men can jump to conclusions.
Allow me to sum up the 90's for you. 90+91+92+93+94+95+96+97+98+99=945
FINISH THE SENTENCE!!! I woke up in a ditch and....
Whats fun for 9/10 people? gang-rape
What's your best Hitler joke?
Why hasn't Beetle Bailey retired from the Army yet?
Here's what I do not understand Spanish
Knock knock. Who's there? Owls go. Owls go who?
What did Shakespeare name his pet pig? Hamlet.
A Faster Than Light Neutrino Knock, knock. Who's there?
[Dark humor] What do you call a not-hungry ethiopian? Dead.
What do nuns do? Nunthing
What did the dog use to make his kite? Flypaper.
October tenth is a day that I rate... 10/10
Say Gabe Horn
My abs are like tan(pi/2) They're undefined.
Why don't bald guys with beards just walk upside down?
What's a donkeys favourite breakfast cereal? Mule-sli
What's the illuminati's favorite month? Jew-Lie
Avenge me but only if it's convenient.
So Stephen Hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding.
What do ghosts use to phone home? A terror-phone.
Did you hear about the corduroy pillows? They're making headlines!
A dyslexic walks into a bra.
Why do pirates have trouble walking? Arrrr-thritis
Donald Trump Running For President
Oxygen and Potassium went on a date it went OK
What's red and is bad for your teeth? A brick
Rap is 75% crap
What do you call bacon wrapped frog legs? The Muppets
What do you call a dead bee? A was.
Q: How do you keep a moron in suspense?
Which city u cannot enter? ELECTRICITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What's Brown and Sticky A stick
My parent trap worked perfectly. I now have five parents.
What do you call a bad circumcision? A rip off..
Why clickbait is so effective
How does gravity greet itself? It just waves
What is the most useless superpower? America.
Dear Math, Grow up and solve your own problems.
When's the improper fraction helpline open? 24/7
Whats got wrinkles and hangs out your undies? Your granny
The saddest joke you've ever heard. President Trump
"You run like you're making fun of running." -my brother
What cheese is not yours? Not your cheese....
Fun fact about the Saxophone: I'm lonely
Bad grammar makes me [sic]
They should roast Tom Cruise sometime... Call it the Cruise-ifixion
Someone threw NaCl at me That's a salt
A Smart Liberal
What did the horse order at the bar? Chardaneiiiiiiggghhhhh
What's the difference between Catholics and Protestants? Protestants have sects.
Playing Counter-Strike at an Airport in Belgium "Terrorists win."
What's funnier than a crying baby? A dead baby.
Two men walk into a bar.. The other man ducks.
I'm starting to forget how the alphabet goes... ABCDEFGHIJKLMFAO....
I got an STD from a Canadian woman Hepatitis eh.
Two belts walk into a bar one was already waisted.
Don't commit suicide, that's how people get killed.
A man knighted for how he stood while ejaculating Sircumstance
The name Pavlov rings a bell.
In a world full of lefts Nothing would be right.
What do you call a complaining adult? A groan up!
4 women were working quietly on a project that's it
How do you confuse a retard? Say "purple".
Did you hear about the Afghan Rastafarian? He was stoned.
The chicks better be hot on this Mayan calendar.
What's black and rhymes with 'snoop' Dr. Dre
what is harry Potter's favorite ice breaker? Scar Stories.
What is a chefs weapon of choice? A salt rifle
What's Steve Irwin's least favorite movie? *Ray* (Sorry... Too soon)
Jokes about cats freak meowt Seriously, I'm not kitten.
My cat cares about me. LOLZ that's the joke.
Goodnight sweet prince
Whats a Neckbeard's favorite city in Spain? M'drid
Men are like roses. But watch out for the pricks.
What do you call a Jewish vagina? The Labia menorah.
Turtles think tortoises are pretentious as hell.
Why do black people like fried chicken? Because its delicious.
The grass is always greener When its not my weed
What do songwriters do after they die? They decompose
My dog, Mitten, ate two shuttlecocks this morning. "*Bad* Mitten!"
A man walks into a bar.... and says ouch!
A rainy Friday is still better than a sunny Monday...
..which is why I start my sentences in the middle.
"PARKOUR!" - me, after tripping over nothing on the sidewalk
what did the gay bull say? more cowball!
What kind of bees make the best milk? Boo Bees!
Why can't witches have babies? Because their husbands have hollow-weenies.
What's a dentists favorite time of day? Tooth-Hurty
[OC] I invented a word: plagiarism.
You know who's a real motherfucker? Oedipus
What is the most common disease for lettuce? Icebergers
What is a ducks favorite snack? Quackers.
Hey, do you like wind? No. I'm not a fan.
What do you call five African-Americans born together? Triplets.
Ambidextrous baseball players... Swing both ways
What's a golfer's favourite song? Fairway to Heaven
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee
What's up? Some movie about an old guy and balloons.
"Raccoons"? Oh, you mean garbage pandas?
Why couldn't Edward leave the Airport? Because he was Snowden...
German for 'constipated'. farfrompoopin
What Do You Call A Masterbating Cow? Beef Stroganoff!
Where do Grape Nuts come from? Boy grapes.
What is a toilet in Ancient Mexico? Aztec.
Two baby seals walk into a club
why can't coffee conduct electricity? because it is grounded
Where's Eritrea? Up Djibouti!
What do you call a Vietnamese wedding? A Win-Win situation.
A man walks into a bar... OUCH!!!!
Three cheers for rap music. Hip hop... \- Tim Vine
What did the ghost say on December 25th? Scary Christmas!
Opinions are like assholes... Fuck em
I tried to copy a philosophical pun but I kant
I've kept my New Year's resolutions. 1680x1050 and 1280x800.
I found a website with guaranteed real virgins [NSFW] [www.9gag.com](http://9gag.com)
What did the dyslexic chemist do? He drank H20, too!
Mr. T went to the toilet I pity the stool
Why was 110 afraid of 111? Because 111 1000 1001
Are you a sheep cause your body is unbaaaaalievable
What was Hitler's least favorite drink? Juice
I've been reading the dictionary. Spoiler alert: "zyzzyva"!!
Says she: "Say something soft and sweet" Says he: "Marshmallow."
Knock knock. The game.
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted
I'm not racist, my best friend is gay.
What is a pirates favourite material? Yarrrn
Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?
best sunscreen ever... Xbox 360
I'm in shape. Round is a shape isn't it
What's a cats favorite song? 3 blind mice
I bet cats think people wish they were cats.
What's a pirate's favourite amino acid? Arrrginine
Perhaps Charles Manson is a selfless lover. YOU don't know.
Hey! Need an ark! I noah a guy.
I will not rest until I've finished this nap!
Some naughty science shit. 63 earths can fit inside ur-anus.
You know why paedophiles don't play Skyrim? No lollygagging.
Trust me, I'm a liar. Lawyer, I meant lawyer.
Who was the chicken's favorite composer? Bach!
What does Che Guevara call his house? Chez Guevara
What is Reddit's favorite pirate? Neckbeard
What's the difference between oral and rectal thermometers? The taste.
What's the good word? Legs. Spread the word!
What kind of peanuts get warts? Planters.
"Sooth." -a soothsayer
What are two doctors with colds An ironic Paradox.
What's half of a tuba? A oneba.
I hate being bipolar, it's great
What's red and smells like yellow paint? Red paint
How does Kendall Jenner celebrate Father's Day? She doesn't.
A movie ticket for baby should cost at least $50.
9/11 Never Forget About Dre.
I'm classically trained in the art of Nintendo.
How do Australians find sheep in the long grass? Irresistible...
Never moon a werewolf
What do you call a black detective? Sherlock Homie
STAR WARS SPOILER! Darth Vader is Luke's father
What do epidemiologists do? How about kinesiologists? Study epidemies....and kinesies.
How do Jamaican's end their prayers? Ey mon.
What is a Pirate's favorite letter? U, for Unoriginal Joke.
What do you call a Mexican with no legs? Cuntswaylow.
How do Buddhist monks compare interests? With zen diagrams!
What's the plural of "Referendum"? Riots.
Why did Windows skip 9? Because 7 ate 9.
What do you call a spoiled cow? Chunky
As Freud said "Who cites, needs sex"
Why Sachin Tendulkar never sweat? Because he has huge fans!
What do you call a graduated spider? A Web Designer
What's the best benefit of working for ISIS? early retirement
Why did Microsoft skip Windows 9? Because 7 8 9.
What do refugees drink? Foreignade.
Why can't deer get marred? Because they can't elope
I've lost more friends to Candy Crush than Crystal Meth.
How do you say "touchdown" in Polish? Gronkowski
"I hate tacos"... Said no Juan ever
How do you congratulate a Jewish bodybuilder? Muscle Tov!
What is the worst joke you ever heard?
Where do you send bad Russian cows? The Moolag
Hey North Carolina, watcha doin' this weekend? Nothing
Droopy Drawers by Lucy Lastic
In a committed relationship with carbs.
mark, my words. *mark brings me a dictionary* thanks mark
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
Beer isn't a solution Unless you're a chemist.
What did one leper say to another? Got yer nose!
What do computers snack on? micro chips
Where did the cow go? It mooved.
What's a doll in Hell called? Barbiecue.
Graphic designers just aren't my type.
How did Reggie Rocket's brother die? Otto Erocket Asphyxiation
Frownie wink wins for most confusing emoji ;(
SACAJAWEA WAS THE ORIGINAL GOOGLE MAPS
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A "Lickalotofpuss".
What do you call a women that catches fish? Annette
Why do mountains make people laugh? Because they're hill-areas!
[sees kid hitting pinata] Me: wow he really hates horses
What do you call a nymphomaniac graffiti artist? Bonksy
What's Hitler's favorite football team? Forty NEIN ers.
Hey, everyone in a minivan-- hit the gas!
What do you call a smart chromosome? A gene-ius
I once had sex with a frog... it was ribbiting!
A fish swims into a brick wall... Damn.
What's Harley Quinn's favourite rap group? Insane Clown Pussy.
Reddit has become very clickbaity lately Tricked you.
Yay summer! *gets drunk outside* Yay winter! *gets drunk inside*
*walks into Walmart wearing pants* Walmart employee: Shit, corporate's here
What is a suicide bombers worse fear? Dying alone...
A man with amnesia starts a joke...
Why was the broom late? It overswept. *BadJokesBestJokes.*
Why was the burrito embarrassed? It saw the salad dressing.
What are the best white people jokes you have?
What happened to the concussed gravedigger? He lost the plot.
How many books can a blind man read? Brailly any!
Top Rated Videos: OOps! Fail Blackflip .Hahaha Looser!!! http://streetpranks.blogspot.co.uk/2014/12/funny-poor-boy-sweet-backflip-lollss.html
How many push-ups can Chuck Norris do? All of them.
They say attractiveness is relative... my cousin seemed to disagree
What did the mouse say to the webcam? Cheese.
Atoms are huge liars They make up everything.
With age comes wisdom... ...but sometimes age comes alone.
Why was the doctor stressed? He was losing his patients
What does Beyonce bake her cookies on? Aluminatti foil
I was asked how I view lesbian relationships...
What's North Koreas favorite drinking game? Pong-Yang.
I got dressed... I'm a changed man now.
What's a ghost's favorite type of porn? Boookakke!
Why does my abusive mother hate vegetables? Beats me.
People say I never explain myself enough...
How does the Hulk make money? He flips houses.
"Hashtag." #ReplaceAOneWordMovieTitleWithTheWordHashtag
My steer got constipated the other day... ...No bullshit.
Your dad is a motherfucker
Do one person every day that scares you.
Spelling cunts. *counts.
"I'm so wasted!!" Vegetables in my refrigerator.
What is a shark's favorite illegal substance? Reefer!
What is jewish Pokemontrainer called? Ash
What's the most immature gaming console? Ninutendo 69
Was gonna get a brain transplant I changed my mind
The penguin is mightier than the swordguin.
What do you call a group of ears? A heard
I hate lollipop ladies They make me cross
How does cheese get more mature? Fromage
What is a blonde's favorite color? Glitter.
What do you call 4 Mexicans in quicksand? quatro cinco
What is Steve Job's favorite food? *Nothing because he's dead*
I would make a gay joke.. Butt fuck it.
I'm Russian When Stalin for food
Treat your women like your smartphone; touch them a lot.
"I'm independent" Said the Jamaican, showing me his initialised necklace.
Ferguson jokes... Are always a riot.
A cow made a joke but it was too cheesy
An amazing talking dog
What is the most effective form of birth control? Abortions.
What's the internal body temperature of a tauntaun? Luke warm.
How are women like 90 degrees? They're always right.
What's Hillary Clinton's key to success? The Delete Key
What's Harambe's favourite retail store? Target
We're not lost We're on Lo St
What do you call a crushed angle? A RECTANGLE !
What's in a divorce fruit salad? alemony
Why did Hitler called it ethnic cleansing? He showered them.
What's a Polar Bear's favourite soup? A laksa.
A Muslim was saying to me today..........
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
What does a Muslim magician say before his trick? Araba-cadabra
i wish u could kill cops in mario kart
Siri, does this look infected?
Why don't ants get sick? They have little antibodies
Nice job, whoever chose the word "monosyllabic" for that.
Two men walk into a bar... They're blind, it happens.
How do werewolves mark their territory? Lycanthropee
Trump's campaign promises That's it
Why shouldn't you buy Russian underpants? Because Chernobyl fallout.
What do you call a racist Chinese person A ricist
Life is a joke.. and death is the punch line.
What kind of food do zombies hate? Fast food
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Typographers will appreciate this Stereotype
I saw Kony kissing Santa Claus
What's the policy at French morgues? Baguette and tag it.
What does it look like when someone is drowning? lol
What brand of Vacuum Cleaner does Snoop Dogg use? Bissell
Ellen Pao right now [deleted]
In MILF porn... There's always one motherfucker
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
What happens when lawyers die? They lie still.
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Gross. Now I can't eat salmonilla without thinking about eggs.
Why legalize weed? Because it's 2015... http://i.imgur.com/PmlEqZ9.jpg
Josh Dugger more like Josh Diddler
Where does Moses get his coffee? Hebrews it.
Sneezed. Nobody blessed me. Going to hell.
Why sacrifice virgins? Because they've done nothing to deserve it.
Marriage. When dating goes too far.
What's a bridges favourite genre of film? Suspense tion
Pretty sure my first black friend was "The Wire."
You really have to hand it to blind prostitutes.
Wanna know how I escaped Iraq? Iran
When a Weeping Willow dies does it become Mourning Wood?
I'm confused... square box, round pizza but triangle slices.
Went to my daughter's netball finals yesterday. What a semi.
Where would we be in the world without humour? Germany.
Knock Knock Go fuck yourselves.
What kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke? Yours.
Countries I can't believe Japan have not attacked: Wales
What kind of fish is the worst friend? The Sel-Fish
What kind of beer does a cow brew? Heifer-weizen.
What sis Selenium say to Xenon? U SeXe.
What do you call a half-length lightsabre? A slightsabre
Ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have they
We should hang out and stare at our phones.
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe!
What's the best way to reheat turkey? Nuke it.
I'm giving up spellcheck for Lant
What do you call crystal clear urine? 1080pee
Why are black people so tall? Because their kneegrows
Friends are forever. Until they get in a relationship.
What movie aspect ratio do cats prefer? Litterbox.
Where do Communists go to get burgers? Czechers.
What does the Cajun ghost say? Beaux!
How does NASA organize a party They planet
Wanna hear a joke? The Black Lives Matter movement.
How does NASA plan a party..? They planet.
What's blue and doesn't fit? A dead epileptic.
Just farted in 3 different languages! Thanks, Rosetta Stone!
Why do meth heads love Halloween? Three sleeps 'till Christmas!
I think I've discovered my supersymmetric partner.
Do you have eggs for breakfast? Kevin bacon
Facebook: the only book teens read these days.
What stops rape every single time? Consent
What did Spock find in the toilet? The captains log!
Black Fathers
Kate Upton as the spokesperson for Game of War
What was Hitler's favorite kind of juice? Concentrated.
With Twitter, who needs imaginary friends?
If ADHD is heritable, is it therefore energenetic?
the best part about arguing with family make up sex
What gave Hitler a heart attack? Seeing his gas bill
What's Adam Sandler's favorite salsa? Medium Pace
A Ginger's skin goes... "YOU... SHALL NOT... TAAAANNN!!"
What mouse was a Roman emperor ? Julius Cheeser !
Americans won't get this Free healthcare
How do red necks celebrate Halloween? Pump kin
How to prove JokeExplainBot is actually a human?
What blood type do people from Taiwan have? Taipei
What does a white girl with a lisp say? Yaaathh
"There can only be one!" -Arab eyebrows
Do not open is the most annoying clickbait title.
Dear time, more weekend please.
What's easier to pick up the heavier they get? Women
Twerking is the crocs of dancing.
Stop undressing me with your eyes!! Use your teeth.
I love doing crunches. *crunches Doritos* *crunches popcorn*
I got my IQ test results back They were negative.
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? You Poke-m-on
Why was the pencil teacher always confused?
There's a thin line distinguishing "Heroes" from "Herpes"
Neither candidate addressed the fact that we have a Hulk
What is space like without a space suit? Breathtaking
The first 30 years of childhood are always the hardest.
What has 2 legs and bleeds? Half a dog.
What does a baker wear on his feet? Loafers.
What do you call really mean grass? *Agrassive*
What the japanese version of mission impossible? Miso impossible
Why can't the dutch fly? Because they netherland.
Drinking makes some husbands see double and feel single.
Statistics show... 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape
It's colder than a well digger's ass.
What does as electronic engineer make for breakfast? Ohmlettes
How do I like my eggs? Unfertilized, thanks.
Who is Hitlers least favourate character in star wars? Jewbacca
Girl, you're like school in june.. No class.
I love sex. O wait, guess it's not a joke.
I tried herbal tea at office today It tastes herbal.
what do use to lure really big fish? master bait
Nothing says "high-functioning alcoholic" like being really good at darts.
Which movie is on every man's bucket list? Die Hard
What type of car does a dinosaur drive? a priustoric!
10 indications YOU'RE the retarded FB friend ^
Have you ever eaten an eyeball? Neither have I.
How did the Mongols get to Europe? Steppe by steppe.
What do you call a sleepy Tumblr user? Napkin.
A baby seal walks into a club... Think about it...lol
Who did they cast as the Hulk"s dog? Bark Roofalo
How did Jamie find Cersei in the long grass? Satisfying.
Whats brown and sounds like a bell? DUUUUUuU^nnnnnnnggggg^nnnnggg^nnnggg^nnnggg
What do you call a positive transformer? Optimist Prime
What grows on the World Wide Web and stings? Internettles.
Ever have sex with a schizophrenic? It's fucking crazy.
What Do You Call A Winery In Alabama? Vineyard Skynyrd
I'm claustrophobic... I'm afraid of Santa.
In Dog Beers, I've only had one.
Did you hear about the movie,"Constipation"? ...it never came out.
I totally had gender with a girl. #thesaurus
Do you love multiple trees? ...No. I'm mahogamous.
I just found out how babies are made. Gross!
What kind of jokestuff do farmers like? Corny jokes.
Women! They assume everything but the position.
Waxing. Not a cure for lycanthropy.
How can you open a banana? With a monkey!
"Yeah girl, lick my ass." - stamps
Hipsters were tensious before it was cool. Because they're pretentious.
What commercials are the longest? Viagra
What is a hairdresser's favorite herb? Salontro
I just installed a marijuana app It has kush notifications.
What did the computer say to the virus? scRAM
What do you call a sauna massage? A saussage
What do zombie college students eat? Raw-men
Went to the corner shop... Bought four corners.
How does a girl vampire flirt? She bats her eyes.
What did the flower say to the bicycle? Petal.
What US state has a lot of dirty laundry? Washington
Where do amputee's go out to eat? IHop.
I'm a optimist ...at least I think so
Have you ever traveled in time? How about now?
How does Vladimir Putin like his Thanksgiving turkey? Nuked
Two tools watched TV, One saw.
9/10 Redditors are idiots I'm glad to be the 1%
What is a kinda cool vegetable? Radish
You want to see something intense? Visit a campground.
Tofu is really overrated It's just a curd to me.
So there comes a man at the bakery... Bakery closed.
What is Shakespeare's favourite snack? Hamlet du fromage
I think my cat might be a communist... Mao...Mao...Mao...Mao...
If ebola had a font it would be www.dafont.com/ebola-font.font
are you human? (sorry) I am dancer
What's red and smells like paint? Red paint
i need a hug(e amount of cash money)
why did the tomato blush... he saw the salad dressing!
What shoes does ninjas use? Sneakers.
What noise does a Hebrew train make? Jew jew!
What can save Russian Bear Snow den.
OP is in labour. Still can't deliver.
People keep making apocalypse jokes... Like there's no tomorrow
What's a skunk's favourite game  in school? Show and smell!
What do communist leaders call protesters? Red paint.
Why is money called dough? Because we all knead it.
You're a Jehova's Witness? What was Jehova accused of?
Catch Pokemon? No thanks. I'm STD- Free.
The Game You just lost the game
What do black people drink during the Holiday Season? Nignog
I named my house "shape", now I'm always in shape.
What's a baby hen called? Chic hen
A blind walks into a bar He said "Aw!"
What is the opposite of an autistic? A Socialist.
"We need to talk". Thought the caveman.
The best things in life are free. Fuck vowels.
He called me ugly.... I called him an ambulance.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? It was 2 tired...
Reddit, You are too cool... ...you give me frostbite.
Babies are just footballs that can cry.
These Egyptian fireworks are nice. Oh wait, they are planes.
My heart say "Yes" But my mom says "No"
Photons have mass? I didn't even know they were Catholic.
Two silkworms had a race It was a tie
What's the Welsh word for shearing a sheep? Foreplay
SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND *holds up a cat*
Food service workers should be completely hairless at all times.
What is a rapists favourite vegetable? Beat-root
I just invented a new word. Repost
Thinks face-book should add a big fat FUCK YOU button!
What's a Norwegian's favourite car? A Fjord Fjesta
What do you call a drink with problems? Dilemmanade
PMS jokes are not funny period.
What kind of weed do reptiles smoke? Mariguana.
America's Got (a very loose definition of what constitutes) Talent.
What do you call a fat Chinese person? Double Chin
What's black, white, and red all over? White emo kids.
How did jew get beer? He brew
What do you call an anti-diuretic wine? Penot More
What's it like being frozen to absolute zero? It's 0K.
What is black and smells like blue paint? Black paint.
I am so poor... I cant even pay attention.
Brexit's new vowels AIO Since it left E U
Anal, Something I'd get behind!
How can you get rich by eating? Eat fortune cookies.
What's a lawyer's favourite pastry? Suet
Where does the Internet football team play? Webley.
What does a rich fat Englishman gain? Lots of Pounds.
Hey woman , are you a beaver?! Cuz' DAMN!
Why are mosquitoes annoying? Because they get under your skin.
Despite whatever Gene Simmons says, Chuck Norris IS Doctor Love.
To the guy who invented zero... Thanks for nothing.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Tragic.
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Lukewarm.
What do iPhones eat for breakfast? Siri-al
What kind of shorts do clouds wear ? Thunderwear
A man walks into a bar... Ouch!
cool funny jokes don't miss 'em
Chuck Norris doesn't get hangovers. He just gets pissed.
Ketchup bottle farts are just as funny as people farts.
Have you ever tried North Korean food? Neither have they
You won't drink away the alcoholism.
Not to be vague, but stuff and things
I love 2-packs of Coors Thug life.
What do you call a knighted cow? Sir Loin
A man walks into a bar... Ouch.
Frog parking only. All others will be toad.
What shoe size does a quadriplegic wear? 26" rims
Where did Susie go during the bombing? Everywhere.
Have you ever tried sex when camping? It's fucking intense...
Why did Bruce Jenner become invisible? because he's a transparent.
Shouldn't Godzilla be fighting Satanzilla?
What's Bigfoot's favourite exercise in the gym? Sasquats
What European city is home to the most Indians? Buddha-pest.
What has four legs and quacks? A paradox
How do you have nasal sex? Fuck knows
Drugs don't ruin people's lives, drug tests do.
A football supporter's favourite  Christmas song? 'Yule never walk alone'
What's long, brown, and sticky? A stick.
Smooth Farmer Whats a farmers best dating advice? A tractor
What has four legs and can fly? Two Birds!
Yo mama so fat she's got her own area code!
Who did Alaska vote for? Berrrnie Sanders H/T: wife
Congress looks like the worst group project ever.
What do you call a group of eight cowards? Octopussies.
What do you call a German Pregnancy? A kinder surprise
Q: What's a frog's favorite drink? A: Croaka Cola.
What do you call an unemployed Nazi? Laid-off Hitler!
What letter appears most frequently in the word CANADA?
You can't fix stupid but you can divorce it
*gets in the bus* *Brings out earphones* *untangles* *arrives*
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? Wiped.
Three goats walked into a Stop N Shop.
What's white and 12 inches?? Nothing
What's worse than paper tits? Cardboard box.
What kind of fruit can't get married? A Cantleope
What do you call a therapist? a TALKtor
How does a French person sneeze? Adieu!
What is heavy forwards and not backwards? ton
TIL I'm hung like a baby. 7 lbs. 9 oz.
I'm not a doctor, but I play one on eHarmony.
I just had my tubes tied, and now I'm........inconceivable.
Jus waited for a stop sign to turn green
Where do spiders play their FA Cup  final? Webley stadium!
Very few people actually have celiacs. They're usually pretty stern.
Whats a baby's favourite temperature? Womb tempertaure
Confession: I masturbate. Damn, that felt good.
God created the light... Then he called it a day.
Why did Dracula need medicine? Because he was coffin.
What do ghosts like about riding horses?  Ghoulloping.
Why did the dolphin kill himself? A lack of porpoise.
Are you ready to be disappointed?
What do you call a normal potato? A commentator
Don't you just hate clickbait titles? Gotcha!
The "Blind People Alphabet" A, B, D, E, F...
Autoerrection has saved my life
Jessica Simpson has already taught her daughter everything she knows.
Read more Answer me this jokes
Why was the intelligent Heineken upset? 'Cus the bud's wiser.
What do you call a four about four? A meta-four.
What do you call a literary fish? Salmon Rushdie!
How do Australians clean their ass after pooping? Bidet, mate!
Unpopular opinion: this joke is bad
What kind of meat do priests eat? Nun.
My new haircut is really starting to grow on me
How's it like living in a totalitarian regime? Can't complain.
What do you do with dead chemists? Barium
The mullet is a helmet for domestic violence.
*spits out animal cracker* This doesn't even taste like hippo.
What is the best thing about kids? Making them!
Honey you're like my GPS... I'd be lost without you.
Why did the Chicken come to /r/jokes? [To be buried](http://www.reddit.com/r/antiantiantijokes/comments/3bccyc/the_chicken_sat_far_from_the_road_considering_its/)
What does a perverted frog say? Rubbit.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A megasoreass
Nigerian Billionaire Helps Rescue Failing Banks
You don't love Dunkin' Donuts coffee, you love heavy cream.
Tony Abbot
What's your favorite stereotype? Mine is the boom box.
Which article of clothing is the most ghetto? A Hoodie.
In People's Republic of Korea... Dog eat you!
What's Gordon Ramsey's favorite film? IT'S FUCKING FROZEN!!
Q: What dinosaur loves pancakes? A: A tri-syrup-tops.
What's the favorite whiskey of Unidan? Jackdaw Niel's
r/nowifi There seems to be nothing here
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 was black
"Use divorce, Luke." "" Obi Wan, marriage counselor
We should just rename television viewing "watching Geico commercials".
What do you call a Canadian rap group? Poutine Clan
What's 6.9? The share one gets in an oral-sex tensome.
What do your mom and monkeys have in common? Macaque
John Oliver ? that guy's so last week
You know what I hate most about N.D.A.s?
Structural Engineering Because architects don't know what physics is.
What did the sushi say to the bee? WASABI
Fact: Diarrhea is hereditary, it runs in the jeans.
You guys wanna here a joke? Blood on the Dancefloor.
Who abhors a vacuum more than nature? A cat.
Are you today's date? Because your 10/10.
I have a bad ping. It might be terminal.
Everyone has a friend who laughs funnier than he jokes.
Can anyone give me a Russian-English bilingual pun?
Why did the mexican take xanax? For hispanic attacks
How does the KKK celebrate gay pride? With a LGBBQ.
What did Hitler drink, as a child? Jews!
Made a Jesus joke. Nailed it.
What is 6.9? A wonderful thing ruined by a period
The Runaway Horse by Gay Topen
What do troll mathematicians like to solve? Parabolems?
What is a poet's favorite legume? Rhyma-beans!
What was Bruce Lees vegetarian brothers name? Broco Lee
Are rhetorical questions really necessary?
Where did Noah keep his bees? In the Ark Hives.
We all say tomato. There is no alternate pronunciation.
Why does government matter? It doesn't.
What do you call a masturbating bull? Beef Stroganoff
What's a penguins favorite relative? His Aunt Artica!
Why the musician sold his computer... It was baroque.
I was engaged to a zombie but it fell apart.
What is a chiropractor's favorite chemical element? Knee-on!
What do you call a pickled deer? Dill Doe :D
Mom, you're embarrassing me in front of the hostages!
What do Mexicans call a commando? A Juan man army...
Voldemort: So I just have to lie? Pinocchio: Yep
two peanuts walk into a bar one was a salted
What do you call a cow abortion? De-calf
What do you call a naked musician? A Natural
:# <--- emoticon for "I'm eating a brillo pad"
A clock asked another clock out... He was timezoned
A Jew walks into a bar mitzvah
I don't smoke, so I take "screaming" breaks at work.
Why don't renovators paint floors? It's beneath them.
Of all the cars in Italy... Mussolini's is the fascist.
I love Comcast. Jokes over.
I'm leaving reddit
Where do man-splainers get their water? From a well, actually...
Racist jokes Once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
A baby seal walks into a club. buh dum tssss.
Cannibalism is a real thrill Nail-biting from start to finish.
Which is the saltiest fish? Tuna
What did the ghost say to the bee? Boo bee
Why do woman out live men? They don't have wives
Im New Here
whos your future husband or wife mine reddit alien
What clothes do lawyers wear to work? Lawsuits.
What's next to England? A question mark.
TIFU by messing up someone's sandwich order Whoops, wrong sub!
Chuck Norris makes onions cry when he cuts them up.
Wanna hear my vegetable joke? Nah, It's too corny.
What is E.T short for? He only has little legs.
98% of lawyers give the other 2% a bad name
I think LGBT sounds too much like a sandwich.
How often do chemists use HIO4? periodically
What letter stands for the ocean? The letter C.
Why couldn't Mozart find his teacher? Because he was Haydn.
morning air, meet nipples. nipples, meet everyone
*Makes pinatas that look like people's exes *Retires a billionaire
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
how did hitler tie his shoesies? with little nazis
What did the super smart dude say to the moron?
I think black people are great Everybody should own one!
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
Which country has a drug-addicted king? Hyrule.
What is the opposite of sex? Laughter.. Ha ha..
"Everyday I'm mumblin'"-Bane
How does the Black Knight sneeze? "Have-at-choo!"
Why shouldn't you wear Ukrainian underwear? Chernobyl fall out
My cute kitten Aww, wrong sub.
Dark humor is like food... ...Not everyone gets it.
Rap videos are completely unrealistic. Nobody has that many friends
What is the worst race of ghosts? ...Spooks
She like, literally died. ~White girls' headstones
What do you call freshly made cheese? Goudas-new
What kind of cake is even worse than fruitcake? Bukkake.
There is no "we" in chocolate.
I love puns about England... They really Brighton my day.
Where do you take a sick ship? To the doc(k)!
What do rednecks do on halloween? Pumpkin
There's no place like home. (to poop)
What's the most political particle? *Elect*rons
DraftKings/Fanduel Anyone know where I can find a promo code?
Marry Christmas Fuck New Year's Eve Kill Easter
What's an American's favourite day of the week? Fryday.
What kind of pants does Mario wear? Denim denim denim...
I make apocalypse jokes... Like there's no tomorrow
Where do really smart birds roost? In a dictonaerie.
Why is. Dr.Dre's Headphones so popular? Beats me.
9/11 was an inside job! 10 did it
"I need to get laid man!"nn- eggs (in the chicken)
What was Hitler's favorite drunk food? Dictator-tots.
If a genie ever gives me three wishes, goodbye Kardashians.
how do you wake lady gaga up? poke her face
Which insect do asian people eat the most of? Lice
"Hermit crab" describes me twice.
I have high friends in places.
Friends don't let friends make Harlem Shake' videos...
What do you call a young Israeli boy? Jew-nior
What do you call a muslim in the 90's? Radical
The person who invented knocking should win the Nobell prize
What was Jesus's least favorite bone? The blasfemur
Who is Gary Johnson? I don't Aleppknow
I tried to catch fog yesterday, Mist.
Velcro. What a rip-off.
What do you call a depressed bear? Bipolar
A rainbow took an exam... It passed with flying colours.
Spell extra wise in two letters. YY (2 y's)
So, two neutrinos walk through a bar...
A fish swims into a wall....... Dam.
My wife hired a fact checker for when we argue.
How many syllables does the word "Gloria" have? CATHOLICS: 18
What do you call a sad state? Missouri
Haters gonna hate, potaters gonna potate.
What did the mute say to the priest? Nothing
What do you call a bossy kitty? A pushy cat
Dark humour is like food. Not everyone gets it
Bernie Sanders is elected president &lt;/joke&gt;
What is Nemo's favorite drink? Nemonade
Hey girl, how 'bout some head? - Henry VIII
I've Been Bitten! by A. Flea
Nobody is happy. Be like Nobody.
Where does a general keep his armies? In his sleevies!
Where does a general keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Make a last request!!
What are some great video game jokes?
What is Scooby Doo's favorite program language? Ruby Ruby Roo!
Wanna hear a joke? Donald trumps presidential candidacy.
What is your mom's favorite animal? An armadildo
TYPING IN ALL CAPS (OPTIONAL)
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong
Why does Josh Brown beat his wife? Just for kicks
What's a vampire cows worst fear? Steaks.
What is the most common french saying? "nous abandonnons"
My hamster died today He fell asleep at the wheel
I just remembered the fuck out of the titans.
*hangs a vacant sign on your forehead*
What's brown and sticky? Shit
My dog Minton ate my shuttlecock Bad Minton
Throwing acid is wrong. In some people's eyes.
What do cats read Mewspapers
What do you call a cold hotdog? A cold-dog
The First Joke I wrote and Performed http://youtu.be/jENBlYJ6eOk
The letter E is used frequently and infrequently.
Someone just accused me of being schizophrenic. I'm beside myself!
What do you call a person who enjoy mondays? Unemployed
TIFU by punching out my brother Oops, wrong sib
How do bulls drive their cars? They steer them!
What was the philosopher's favorite toy growing up? Playdough.
What's the best defense against Britney Spears? Brooke Shields.
Change is hard So don't throw coins.
ey girl would you like to unzip my pants http://imgur.com/QCGvrG7
Cop cars should play the jaws theme song
If I weren't such a genus I'd be more specific.
What does SAG-AFTRA call a low-budget foreign production? Scrub-a-dub-dub.
Friday the 13th today Do not visit summer camp.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh!
I invented a new word It's called plagiarism.
I heard Jewish girls like 8 inches... less 10%.
Who does Christopher Reeve wish he could be? Christopher Walken
How does Kylo Ren celebrate Father's Day? Solo
What do you call an agreeable ghost? BOO-YA!
INSERT SHTTY JOKE HERE [NSFW]
Who Is every lumberjack's favourite director? TIMBURRRTON!
What did the mod say to the other? [deleted]
What's brown and sticky? A Stick
What do you call 3 knights in a relationship? Polyarmory
read this now you reddit
I don't like dodecahedrons They are too edgy for me.
How was copper-wire invented? Two jews and a penny.
Finally figured out that 'YOLO' is 'carpe diem' in douchebag.
Whats a weightlifters favorite kind of math? AlgeBRUH!
I tried being selfless. It's not for me.
Hi reddit, I'm a Japanese pearl diver! AMA.
LOL at people with only 99 problems What's that like?
I just got fired for sexual harassment. I'm self employed.
I'm going to slide down your chimney tonight. Wink. Wink.
Why was the broom late? because it overswept
Why does a rooster watch TV ? For hentertainment !
Dead scatologists never die They just go through the motions.
A magnet walked into a bar. It stuck.
What's a linguist's favorite beverage? IPA
What do you put in a www.ashing machine? Net curtains!
What are caterpillars afraid of? DOGerpillars!
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
Love sucks..... but true love swallows
Where does Charlie Sheen shop? At Winners.
What do selfies make me want to do? Shoot myself
You say pigs can't fly... but swine flu!
What do you call an epileptic cow? Beef jerky.
What do 7 out of 8 people enjoy? Gang rape.
Want to read my favorite dirty Jewish word? splurge
Keep the tip Said the leper to the prostitute
What kind of khakis do birds wear? Khakaws!
Amazon Prime Day.
Russian History in five words ...And then things got worse.
what does pinocchio have for breakfast? oakmeal
Does this optic nerve make me look?
Where did the Irish guy get cancer? In his prostatoe.
What do you call bug mating? INSEX
How do you get off a non-stop flight?
Hey Reddit, Guess What? Chicken Butt...
What's a Mexican pimp's favorite investment? A putable bond
What is the densest metal on Earth? Donald Trump.
a:1:{s:7:"retweet";i:4;}
A handicapped guy walks into a bar................just kidding.
What do you call an Asian pothead? Tao Lee
What's a frogs favorite drug? Croakcain.
I was gonna make a gay joke.. ...butt fuck it.
Just did my first stand up comedy routine ever. AMA.
What will reddit never know? Victoria's Secret...
I've got a joke- Women's rights...
What is The Fonz's blood type? A
What do you call bears with no ears? b
What do you call a hoarse Putin? Rasputin
How do supernatural entities cum? They have poltergasms
What is Mozart doing right now? De-composing
What do you call a fat Japanese bloke... Jackie Chin
What's an arborists favorite side dish? Can o' peas.
What kind of cheese do rich people eat? Guccheese.
What did the hot dog say on the toilet? Mustuuurd
What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta? PENNAY!
How does an Irishman's future look like? Very blight.
Why is apple afraid of microsoft? because 7 8 10
The Untamed Tiger by Claudia Armoff
I hate watching termites. They're boring.
Aasians hate the NFL Cause theres no more rice
My favorite musician pun ||: lather, rinse :||
What does an Internet frog say? Reddit Reddit
What kind of money do monsters use? Weirdo (weird dough).
What do you call a really annoying Jewish women? ....Ausbitch.
Don't be russian Or you'll be stalin
Knock knock! **Who's there?** *Tank* **Tank who?** *You're welcome*
What's 1+1? 2
What did the little Chinese boy get for Christmas? Rice.
What gets higher with age? Willie Nelson
Opinions are like butts *gently rubs your opinion*
*Gets disqualified for biting opponent's ear on a chess tournament*
Who is Monica Lewinsky's Favorite NFL Football Player? Clinton-Dix
Fish didn't start smelling till women started swimming Title
Philosophers have really good depth perception!
What do orphans get at Christmas? Lonely.
What is worse to injest than E Coli? Broc Coli
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like.. Bananas
I tried a new fragrance today. It's called Tester.
I'll never understand cannibalism... But to eat your own.
The sushi at my local deli is to die of.
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite type of shoes? Scandals
Dark humor is like clean water... Not everyone gets some.
What is a British Scholar's favorite store? Finks
All mushrooms are edible... Some you can only eat once.
Whoever spelled the word Receipt was a friggin idiopt
What's Charles Dickens's middle name? Deep
What did Jay Sherman say about your breath? It stinks!
I've got a joke about metal. Actually, no... Scrap that.
Our top story tonight... Generalisimo Francisco Franco is still dead...
What do you call an aborted baby Spawn Kill
How does Optimus Prime stay young looking? Autobotulism
What does artificial light consist of? Fauxtons
Groin cream... Not suitable for those with a nut allergy.
What does Santa do to dragons? He "sleighs" them.
why would you go outside? that's where bugs live
Two ducks walk into a bar. The third duck ducks.
What's the Difference between a Girl and a Woman? Prison
Why arent koalas actual bears? They dont meet the koalafications.
What's r/jokes' favorite joke site?
*goes to fabric store* Do you guys have boyfriend material?
A blind man walks into a bar says "Oww."
Enter promo code INTERMINABLE SINCERITY for some free sarcasm.
So a baby seal walks into a club...
Cough cough sniffle
[Mugshot photographer] Me: now lets do a silly one
I swallowed two cans of helium today HeHe
Where was the male lion's favorite vacation spot? Maine
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit's Fingers
My WD-40 can rusted. Now that's irony.
I like my Women, like I Like my Water. Free
What game do lesbians like to play? Clash of Clams
I invented a new word today... Plagiarism
The worst thing about Jonestown jokes? The punch line.
Greatest joke ever !!! My life
What do liberal arts majors yell when overwhelmed? Oh,the humanities!
What is the Donner Party's favorite donut? Munchkin.
Which came first: the chicken or the egg? The rooster
hey girl , you french? coz ***madamn***
What do you call a masturbating bull?
What Were Mussolini's Secret Police Called? The Gazpacho
What's the capital of Greece? 20 euros
I'm surprised my son doesn't think his name is 'stopit'
What's the most incestuous surname? Dickinson
Silence is golden. Duct tape is silver.
What's Putin's new favorite song? Crimea River
"An apple a day takes Billion Dollars away" ~ Samsung
Saturday night just logged me out due to inactivity.
So a radio talks to another radio Over.
Why do girls talk so much? They have four lips
What kind of bug bites only at your feet? Mosqui-toes
Yo momma's so fat... Her Patronus is a Birthday Cake.
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn? Boo-kakke.
What doesn't kill you......seriously disappoints me!
Chuck Norris uses 8'x10' sheets of plywood as toilet paper.
What is worst then the holocaust? 6 million Jews
If quizes are quizical, what are tests? Testical!
What do you call a group of kangaroos? A Kangacrew
What kind of bees produce milk? Boobies!
What do you call it when cosine plays? Cos(play)
What to Australian Trains use as fuel? Coal-Ala
What is Victoria's Secret? 'Her' real name is Victor!
What's grey beautiful and wears glass slippers ? Cinderelephant !
*gets called abnormal* *checks for normal abs*
If life gives you melons... You might be dyslexic.
My Facebook persona did not sleep well last night.
My neighbor's diary says I have boundary issues.
what do you call an underwater dog? a sub-woofer
what do you call a slutty french fry? a potat-hoe
What do you call a spider from Baghdad? An Iraqnid.
What do penguins do in a race? They peng-win
Just finished building Rome with Legos. Took me a day.
What's the weather like in the ghetto? A little muggy.
What do you call a dwarf tattoo artist? An Inkling.
What's a cow's favorite chemical? molybdenum monoxide MoO
How do you keep an erection? Don't fuck with it
I haven't lost my virginity yet Because I never lose
What is red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
In Russian Thanksgiving... Turkey shoots you. [Meme](https://imgur.com/SHs2Vbt)
I like my beer how I like my violence. Domestic.
"Luke, I have no idea who your father is." #AlternateUniverseFilms
My kleptomania is getting worse I should definitely take something.
What was wrong with the wooden car? It wooden go.
A note to the mods 
What kind of fish has two knees? A tunee fish.
What's the Mexican version of the KKK? Que? Que? Que?
Why is business good on Easter? Because prophets rise
My math teacher used to call me average. How mean!
"Report Spam" is the elevator close door button of Twitter.
I drink my alcohol responsibly...spilling is not an option
To all the virgins out there Thanks for nothing!
Testicle. It's life in a nutshell.
What do you call a slutty midget? A tator thot.
Two breakdancers walk into a bar They get served.
Sometimes all you need, is 500 million dollars.
Ask me if I'm a tomato
Russians dolls. They're so full of themselves
What's harder to pull out of than Iraq? Bristol Palin.
I have something witty to say Something witty
"Me llamo Pedro," said no Juan ever.
I do not, and never will, know my confirmation number.
Why do Russians love pho? Because they're SO-VIET
What fruit fits best in your palm? a palm-agranate!
What's the capital of Greece? About 10
For me sex is like a game singleplayer
How do rainbows laugh? Hue hue hue
"Pasta la veista, baby" -Arnold Schwarzenoodles
This is a long one but here goes... Knock Knock
Will glass coffins be a success Clearly
Ever had sex while camping? It's intents.
What's another word for cinnamon? Synonym.
I'd go to church if they had Wi-Fi.
What do you call an underwater masochist? A submarine!
what do you call a gassy Scotsman? Bravefart
I tried to catch fog yesterday. But I mist
I miss Steve Irwin But the stingray didnt.
What language do Fed-Ex drivers speak? Parcel-tongue
I'm not schizophrenic *yes he is*
What is E.T short for? Because he has little legs.
Helen Keller What was Helen Keller's favorite color? Corduroy.
What do you call a fat Muslim? Just Mu^~~slim~~
I'm feeling like a country Hungary
I really hate arguments about fractions. They're divisive.
What do you call a burning white guy? A firecracker
What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses.
How is the NFL like Brokeback Mountain? The Cowboys suck!
Islamic state claimed responsibility for american presidential elections.
When is the best time to see a dentist? Tooth-Hurty
Pyramid schemes... Wrong on so many levels
How does Hasbro test tickle me elmo's? They have test-tickles.
Miss Anders... I didn't recognise you with your clothes on.
Where are the Halloween jokes?
Why don't chickens like people ? They beat eggs !
Why was six afraid of seven? Generations of institutionalized bigotry.
Drinking on Tuesday because I'm consistent.
Masturbation... ...It comes in handy
How does Jesus make his coffee? Hebrews it.
How does Jesus make his coffee? Hebrews it!
Totally done with the history channel... Nothing but repeats.
My girlfriend wanted 8 inches.... So I fucked her twice
Donuts 360GlazeitFaggot
Why are girls bad at maths? They can't even.
Who is the Sith Lord of fear? Count Spooku
Who wants to hear an appendectomy joke? [Removed]
What do you call a flying pig? Swine flu
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexia Association.
I've got 99 problems and they're all luftballons.
What do pantyhose and Brooklyn have in common? Flatbush
What is the issue with Dr. Dre's releases? Chronic delays.
Chick on tinder &lt; chicken tender
Unarmed Aeroplanes, America's only weakness. too soon?
You really inspire me to be a bitter person.
Why did the feminist fail algebra? She couldn't solve inequalities
Quit my banking job this morning I lost interest
A guy died while having sex He came and went
So this dyslexic guy walks into a bra ...
What type of weed do lizards smoke? Mariguana.
Placing my signature wherever i go. Because, signature move!
Star Wars Spoilers Woosh Woosh Pewpew Pew Pew
A guide to procrastination... I'll tell you later...
My bread factory burned down. Now my business is toast.
How do hispanics cut a pizza? Little Caesars
Did you hear how the scarecrow got his promotion?
*taps on your head* "Is this think on?"
The Mistaken Hiker
What do you call an intense love of math? Calculust.
How do you call for a bath? With a Teletubbie.
What is the difference between pink and purple? The grip.
Pain and Sorry by Anne Guish
I don't always use complete sentences But when I do
I also do all my own stunts, but never intentionally.
How Stella Got Her Goat Back #ReplaceAMovieTitleWithGoat
My cat yells at me like she's my mother.
What online payment service does the Pope use? Papal.
*opens up a Forever 20 store next to Forever 21*
Whats the hardest part about eating vegetables? The wheelchair
Why are pirates, pirates? They just *arrrrrrrrr*.
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce after they got engaged? Fiancee.
"Can I watch you open it?" -Weird UPS guy
Stupid cats stealing all our women.
What does the nosy pepper do? Gets jalapeno business.
Why was the priest also an imam? Double the prophet.
Woo! Let's get this weekend started! *Starts doing laundry*
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? Denim denim denim
What's the stupidest animal in the jungle? The Polar bear.
What do young ghosts write their homework in?  Exorcise books.
Woman's Rights
"Mommy, why is my backpack so heavy?" Allahu Akbar, honey.
This is marketing!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nE-SbJbl2co
What does a gay Kraken eat? *Seamen*
I like my coffee how I like my slaves free
I get carried away sometimes. Because I refuse to leave.
What do you call a three-humped camel? Pregnant
God I hate hidden microphones They bug me so much!
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work!
Have you heard the latest joke about statisticians? Probably.
Just got the new Windows... ... such a pane
Quit blaming your iPhone. You meant to say "furbenglurbrn."
I can see 4 years into the future 20/20 Vision
How did Sigmund Freud die? He slipped
Woman's world cup- USA vs JAPAN who gives a fuck...
What's the opposite of a Hasidic Jew? A Hbasic one.
DEFENSE! DEFENSE! Defense: I have a boyfriend
Being rich seems convenient.
What is the most pirated movie ever? Arrrrrrrgo
What does a nosey pepper do? Get Jalapeno business.
What religion do Saudi Arabian cows follow? Mooslim
What's Princess Leia's first name? Comoniwanna.
Who do you ask about Donald Trump's stamina? His daughter.
Porn: It's a load of bollocks.
What's long, hard, and has cum in it? A cucumber.
How do you comfort a Grammar Nazi? There, their, they're
Ice Bank Mice Elf (repeat this 10 times fast)
What's the key to a good joke? .....................................Timing.
The 3 seasons of Texas! Summer, cold summer, &amp; Football.
Where do they get the seeds to plant seedless watermelons?
Do you know what a lot is? Two words.
Just watching 50 Shades of Gray with my dad
What do you call a German outkast? Hey, ja!
Life is beautiful but I prefer boobs
To help reduce cost, this status was typed in china.
What is jon snow's favourite slang? IDK
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
I have a superiority complex It's literally my ONLY flaw.
What's the most encouraging calisthenic? Chin-ups!
When life gives you melons, wear a low cut top.
Two girls sitting quietly together.
I like my women like my salad Undressed
Why did the dictator's plane crash? It was stallin'
Being irrational is as easy as Pi.
A man takes his wife to the disco... https://anchor.fm/w/989B00
Why are sea sponges good at statistics? They understand coralations!
What's square-shaped and yellow? A yellow box
*leads a conga line off of a bridge
My drug dealer is so funny Always cracks me up
Bill O'Reilly What a fucking joke
What did the sadist do to the masochist? nothing.
What do you call someone who likes speed? Racist.
Parts of a worm: 1) Worm
The word of the day is legs... Spread the word!
Alzheimer Joke (Not sure if repost.)
It's weird how many of my ancestors were sepia-toned.
How Does Baby Hitler Tie His Shoes? With itty-bitty knotsies
What do you call a flannel cat? A Plaid-A-Pus
I met an exercising nun. She was a firm believer.
Why don't bears wear socks? They have bear feet
You know what they say, so I won't tell you.
Why does Naruto vomit after every meal? He's **BULIMIC!**
What made me become a baker? I kneaded the dough.
World's most Ridiculous alarm clock http://youtu.be/cHHHpbVJiOE
Collection Litter by Phil D Basket
What does the twitter bird drink? Twater!
What is every gamers New Years Resolution? 3840x2160
Handjob contest Beat off the competition
What is the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Reeve.
Hey do y'all wanna hear a political joke? Donald Trump!
Why did Tony the Tiger go to prison? RRRrrrrrrrrrrrape!
*seductively moistens your lips with the meatloaf
Technology would be better if you could download sandwiches.
How do writers send e-mail? On the Inkernet.
Which sex position makes the ugliest kids? Ask your parents
Chuck Norris can clear 5 lines at once in tetris.
What do you call a russian bull? a moscow
Homosexual jokes are not funny Come on guys
What was Morgan Freeman called before the civil war? Morgan.
Hands down the greatest invention of all time... masturbation
Have you heard about the funny feminist? me neither
I have an earning disability.
I like dating chicks with kids, because snacks
[NSFW] What's brown and rhymes with snoop Dr. Dre
What do you call a Canadian Muslim? A Mooselim!!
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once.
Confucius say Breasts without nipples would be pointless.
The Klu Lkux Klan... The original boys in the hood...
The shortest joke about Islamic State "Made in ISIS"
What do you call a smart pig? Cunningham
*exercises sarcastically*
What do they call Snoop Dogg in Asia? Snoop Dinner
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her
I wish I could illegally download better health care insurance.
Speaking of one-liners,
Where did Michael Jackson go to college? BringemYoung University
romeo tells juliet she's fat
I masturbate with soap Just thought I'd come clean
What is a Jews favorite part of porn? The moneyshot
What does Frankenstein's monster call a screwdriver? Daddy.
One person's trigger warning... ...is another person's spoiler alert.
What has two legs and bleeds? Half a cat.....
What's better, Google or Yahoo? Let's Google it.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun. A Roman-Catholic
What's black and never works? DECAF YOU RACIST FUCK
Which race is the most racist? The human one.
"YOU'RE FAT." - my belt
What do you call a racist 19th century artist? Oppressionist
You know what makes me smile? Face muscles.
What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination? HAAAAAANNNNNDDD EYEEEEE
What's up? This guy! (points at self)
Gay Dinosaur What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass
Whats a tacticians favorite cut of meat? Flank
I have been playing DotA2 all day... My whole dagon
It's bad luck to be superstitious.
KFC is a shelter for battered chickens
A dyslexic man ... ... walks into a bra
ah, corduroy.... u are truley the ruffles chips of pants
Here is a really bad joke feminism
How does NASA throw a holiday party? They planet.
What currency do they use in space? Star bucks.
What's the most common owl in Britain? The tea towel
What shoe can fit 206 million feet in it? Honshu!
Becoming a vegetarian Is a big missed steak
Guess what Spain is Chicken anus
Tomorrow is boss' day.
Gold Digger - like a hooker, only smarter.
A real ice cream truck would have melted by now.
I used to be a Banker But I lost interest
"Hey boo." -casual ghost
What's a zombies favourite brand of crisps? Walkers
what am i doing with [borat voice] my liiiiiiiiiife
What do you call a chicken vegetable? Bawk Choy
I solve many of my problems by simply ignoring them.
What's the difference between Botox and Borax? Two letters.
What's red and has 7 dents? Snow White's cherry
What do you call a weird Russian? Off-Putin.
I'm Going To Hell For This
What do you call a retired comedian? Comedy mold.
What is the painless frequency? 0 Hz
Q: What kind of wood doesn't float? A: Natalie Wood
I traced the call. It was phone-shaped.
How do Muslims like their food served? Allah Carte
They really should call the Day After Tomorrow "Threemorrow"
Every motorcycle cop is a liquid terminator until proven otherwise.
"That's me in a nutshell." A peanut's photo album.
Murderman V. Another Murderman: Dawn of Murdering #BatmanvSuperman
Whole foods? More like whole paycheck.
What does an egg say when its "turnt up"? Omlet!
My first ever degree... ...is in measuring angles!
Norm Macdonald tells a good joke http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGr_7p5Ti0Q
What's Gordon Ramsey's second favorite movie? FROZE-- oh, nevermind.
Why are automatic doors like knights? Because they're chivalrous!
There is still no cure for mornings.
Sarcasm is humor with an attitude.
What do call a whore in Alaska? An eskihoe
What do you call a dumb musician? Curt Nobrain....
I DON'T WANT YOUR PITY but I'll take it.
What's a Web Developer's favourite tea? URL #DDD
Which letter has the best bum? Big Rs
Nothing sucks worse... than a shitty vacuum cleaner
Who was the dankest dictator of all time? LMao Zedong
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 was black.
A nutritionist wants us to examine a sandwich. So lettuce...
What do you call an angry German? sauerkraut! (sour kraut)
What type of bee makes milk? A boo-bee
Opinions are like mixtapes... I don't want to hear yours.
Anyone have any jokes about Rats? Need some good ones!
Why does Snoop carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle
How many calories does avoiding eye contact burn?
What's the opposite of ennui? Off-ui. from *Gilmore Girls*.
"I'm sooo wasted," said My Opportunities.
What is wrong with me?!? Asking for a friend..
Who wants to start CatRoulette.com with me?!?!
Chuck Norris doesn't sleep, he waits.
The Apple Car will never succeed. It doesn't have windows.
Why doesn't Fleetwood Mac shave? Because Stevie Nicks.
Hey now, gay jokes arent funny... ...cum on guys.
What do you call a hot Filipino? A Filipino.
What do squirrels give for Valentine's Day? Forget-me-nuts. 
A man walks into a therapist's office, looking for closure...
Goodnight, sweet Prince. Rip in peace Prince.
What do clouds wear during a storm? Thunderwear
get pizza or die trying
It is always the wrong time of month.
To bad this upcoming storm isn't called Harry Because: https://imgflip.com/i/gumlv
Doctor: Do you drink alcohol? Me: Why? What've you got?
Which sport is more lame: frisbee, or curling? Discus
Every grocery store has free samples if you're quick enough
How I flirt: *Stares from a distance*
What kind of gum do astronauts chew? Hubble Bubble
What was Forrest Gump's email password? 1forrest1
Never trust a dog to watch your food.
What kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke? Yours
What did Sloth say when he found gold? AU GUYS!!!
Which Fruit Can't Get Married??
It's here! May The Fourth Be With You!!
So a black kid asks his dad...
Why was the gymnast disqualified? He walked into a bar.
++drinks: drink first, ask questions later
Donald Trump ...Title says all.
The US government had a shutdown.
#liestoldbygirls I am an 18th century mahogany cabinet.
Math is so communist... ...There's class struggle for Marx
Remember the Three R's of r/jokes Repost, reuse, recycle.
What do you call a Jamaican motorcycle? Bob Harley
Why are black guys getting fatter? TVs are getting lighter.
What do you call a Mexican on a hill? Gracias.
Me: Screw you, Tuesday! Tuesday: I have a boyfriend.
What's a martial artist's favorite beverage? Kara-Tea
An Imgurian walks into a bar REPOST
Today I learned to count in Taiwanese... TaiWan, TaiTwo, TaiThree!
what do you call twin chinese rappers? two chengs
May you never leave your marriage alive.
How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheburg.
Kenyan men are the best at long distance relationships.
What's Forrest Gumps Favorite Password? 1Forrest1
How do you scare a snowman? You get a hairdryer!
What do you call pizza that isn't yours? Impersonal pizza
Don't smoke Unless you're on fire, then it's natural.
How do you say Philippines in Ebonics? Colombia
The worst five words are "can I have a bite."
Gandalf gave me a test... I didn't pass.
What doe you call a banana's grandmother? Banana-nana
How do Japanese chihuahuas say hello? Konnichihuahua
What do pigs like with chow mein? Sooey sauce.
Have you ever eaten ethiopian food? No? Them neither
Still waiting for the FedEx joke? OP didn't deliver.
One man's hoe is probably another man's hoe too.
What is the most honest vegetable? Beetruet
Scientist1: You got any Sodium Hypobromite? Scientist2: NaBrO
Jealous of how pineapples always have cool hair.
What has 4 eyes and cannot see? Mississippi.
Why are white girls so odd? Because they don't *even*.
What is a grateful person's favorite number/letter combination? 10Q!
Remains to be seen... ...if glass coffins become popular.
"I hate the last two minutes of everything." - DVR
Boat Bust.Out.Another.Thousand
Most of the 1800s was spent painting chubby chicks.
what do you call a gay dinosaur? megasoreass
What's Donald Trump's favorite drug? Cuckaine
A bomb went off in an ink factory... Everyone Dyed.
Why are so many Mathematicians vegetarians? Cos Lettuce
Why I love circular logic... Because I love circular logic!
If you have bladder problems... Urine trouble
What's beneath most Canadians? Most Americans
What is a suicidal Weebs favorite anime? Bleach.
What do you say when you leave the UAE? Dubai-bye!
Horses make the best companions Because they have stable relationships.
Women have closets full of I have nothing to wear.'
So an Irishman walks out of a bar That's it.
I may not be perfect but I am always me.
I'm thinking about getting an arm tattooed on my snake.
What day does the egg fear most? Fry-day
Ok pregnant ladies. Today's the day! #LaborDay
Where do white supremacists go shopping? KKK-Mart.
A girl with kaleidoscope eyes sounds horrifying.
What's the difference between OP and Fed-Ex?
what kind of vegetable is the hypest a turnup obvs
What car do rich black people drive? A Countach
*unplugs 100% charged iphone* *slides to unlock* battery 43%
Does advertisement work? Just did.
What do accountants suffer from that  ordinary people don't? Depreciation.
Taking candy from an American baby is, like, really hard.
"You got a friend in me" - your friend's girlfriend
Q: Why was the chicken happy? A: Everything was eggcellent.
What do you call an all panda furry orgy? Panda-moan-ium
WebMD just diagnosed me as fergalicious
What do you call Russian trees? Dimitrees
pranks,magic,blog,and awsome!!! SUBSCRIBE!!!!!!
A scottish man walks out of a bar...
Youtube criticism police in a nutshell No.
What do you call the entrance to a brothel? Hodor
How much does wood cost? About tree fiddy.
What's organic dental floss? Pubic hair!
An Irishman and Two British men Walk into a bar.......
Twitter... it's for the birds!
What do you call four drowning Mexicans? Cuatro cinco
i put the ":/" in "http://".
What's grey and comes in quarts? An elephant.
Why are black people so tall? Cuz their knee grows.
Whats a Joke with no Punchline? Life
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin' Catholic
My Archimedes Heel is Greek references
What was Amanda Todd's favourite anime? Naruto.
Not all math puns are bad Just sum
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Statistically... 9 out of 10 people actually enjoy gang rape.
The problem with grammar nazis? They're anti-semantic.
What's a rednecks favorite part of archaology? Relative dating
My best joke Cloid
I like my violence how I like my beer... Domestic.
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her...
Plot twist: dogs act scared of vacuums to avoid housework.
What do you call a flying Jew? [NSFW] Smoke.
My mother's maiden name is Password
How does Jesus stay in shape? He does crossfit.
A penny for your thoughts, Five bucks if they're naughty.
What do Cerial killers drink? milk
I don't make typos. I make new words.
I still not comfortable with how we spell coffee.
Feminism thats the joke
It goes without saying, that...
What's Paul McCartney's favourite food? Maccaroni
What's a dancer's favorite type of water? Tap water
Why do Christians like Swiss cheese? It's holey.
Man who run behind truck... get exhausted!
Q:What is the population of Antarctica A: All white.
Know what stops the Bern? Preparation H!
The joke's not here.... It's in the comments.
Why is the U.S dollar getting stronger? Fiscal therapy
What's the internal tempered of a Taunton? Luke warm
ppl: are u sick? me: no, im just ugly
What's the heaviest Chinese food? wonton :3
How do you make estrogen? Don't pay her.
What type of shoes to pedophiles wear? White Vans.
Pissed off? Punch a wind chime and you'll feel better.
If sober me won't do it...drunk me will.
What's Hitler's least favorite planet? Jewpiter
What do you call a city full of neckbeards? M'tropolis
I hate menstruation jokes They're a bloody pain.
What's long and hard? The sock under my bed.
Latvian Joke Stop. Please.
TIFU while having sex on an elevator Hey-ooo
A Morning After pill but for over eating.
Two reddit admins walk into a bar [deleted]
Gluten Margarine, Reddit! That's Food-German for "good morning".
*peels off yoga pants to reveal even yogier pants*
Who died and left the US in charge? Hitler.
I need Bill Belicheck jokes pledge task please help
Everybody reaches a point in their lives when they die.
How do you measure love? In hertz!
Racism is not a joke Lol, JKKK
Why should sailors eat crabapples? For the vitamin sea.
wanna hear a joke about pizza? NEVERMIND... its too cheesy
How did Bob Marley like his doughnuts Wi' jamin.
OP started a pizza place. They don't deliver.
How does a pirate tip his hat? "M'Hearty"
What's a cheerleader's favorite fruit? (Popsicle stick caliber) Pom-Pomegranate
What's white, hard, and 12 inches long? Nothing.
I'm confused Wait... maybe I'm not
Looks like coke Tastes like coke, smells like AHHHHWHATAMIDOINGWITHMYLIFE
What do you call a mountain of puns? Mount Cleverest
How long is a Chinese name that isn't a question
How does Sean Connery's dog bark? Woofsh
Which programming language got a sex change? Fortranny
What do you call a dinosaur you just insulted? T-REKT.
What happens when the pope dies Another one popes up
how long is a chinese name got it ? :D
I'm Asexual, I don't give a fuck.
My circle of trust is a meatball
What's a Frenchman's favourite social media button? Retweet.
How do you say 'Toilet' in Japanese? Dump-ring.
Where do people keep their shampoo? In their shambutt.
DATING TIP: Surprise your date! Show up a day early.
What's black and doesn't work in an office? Decaf coffee!
What does a greengrocer weigh? Vegetables.
Two mods are standing in a field [deleted]
What do 9 out of 10 people agree on?
What's the most racist math discipline? Statistics.
Science builds airplanes and skycrapers Faith brings them together
A joke agnostics can enjoy
Strippers are a lot like magnets. They work by poles.
what do you call a funny chicken? a comedi-hen
My husband's business is rather up-and-down - he makes yo-yos.
What did socialists use before candles? Electricity
What medical condition are Clinton supporters currently experiencing? Tendienitis
"Mmmmm hmmmm! I herd that!" - a sassy shepherd
Join the war against masturbation!!! We can beat it together!!!
"You're odd" she said. "Not even" I replied.
After Usain Bolt retires, he'll move to Iran.
A funny 1-liner I'm more tired than the Michelin Man.
A new mint flavored contraceptive taken before sex... called Predickamints.
I was gonna make a Justin Bieber joke.. But, Sorry.
What's Al Qaida's favorite football team? The New York Jets.
Who is Hitlers worst nightmare? Kike Tyson.
What has 4 legs and 1 arm? A pit bull.
What's the difference between r/showerthoughts and Jaden Smith's twitter? Capitalization.
What's the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.
I keep writing letters to myself. Dear me.
Breast Inplants They such a silly-con
You know you're old when... ...what were we talking about?
What do you call a hispanic gas? Cabron Dioxide!
So today I found out why clickbait is so effective
I'm only two people away from having a love triangle.
What did the dwarf say to the prostitute? Hi-ho
Why do mathematicians dislike cloth rugs? They prefer fur mats.
What's Subway Jared's favorite TV show? 19 Kids and Counting
Barista: How do you take your coffee? Me: Orally.
The Disney Channel should be renamed 'Celebrity Prehab.'
What do you call a hooker in Alaska? Frostitute
Which U.S. State has the smallest soft drinks? Minnesota.
"I'll drink to that." -me to my next drink
What is Beethoven doing right now? Decomposing
Subway, Eat flesh. (If Hannibal Lector owned chain restaurants.)
90% of the contacts in my phone are useless
How does Hitler tie his shoes? With Nazi's
I love the F5 key... It's very refreshing.
What is the bees favourite film ? The Sting !
Boy, are you a salad? Because I don't want you.
Did you hear the one about Sodium? Na
What is Hitler's phone number? 999-999-999
What sex position makes ugly babies? Ask your parents
Domestic terrorism? Meh... International terrorism? EHMAGARD!!
Hardy Ha Ha
What is a parrot? A wordy birdy!
What do you call a stupid asshole? Ignoranus
I saw a crazy squirrel today.. He was fucking nuts.
All of my best ideas involve jail time.
What did the terrorist's ghost say? BOOM!
Who is Pitbull's favorite nascar driver? Dale Earnhardt jr.
Loneliness can make you do some strange people.
*Drives by train wreck* Train wreck:"I have a boyfriend."
How did the toad die ? He simply croaked !
Chuck Norris eats lightning and farts thunder.
What do you call an adopted ghost? Transparent
What's a pirate's favorite amino acid? Aaaaaaaarrrrrginine....
You're telling me, a chicken fried this rice
Which fairground ride is made of iron? The ferrous wheel
A concept so foreign, Angelina Jolie tries to adopt it.
Clothes make the man. Indonesian children make the clothes.
I have a joke. Just kidding.
Progeria jokes get old real quick.
Corny Jokes... ..have no stalk in them.
Jokes about white sugar are common, but brown sugar? Demerara. 
Enough with the cutesy-chubby sidekicks, 3D animation studios.
What's green, has a cape, and flies? Super Pickle!
I'm confused. Hi Confused. I'm a dad joke.
What's red and invisible?  No tomatoes.
*dramatically gets out of bean bag chair for 20 minutes*
"Can you spot me, bro?" - Waldo, at the gym
What's a French egg's favourite airforce? L'oueftwaffe.
What do you call Oprah on drugs? Doprah
I've just invented a new word. plagiarism
Some Days you're the dog and some days the hydrant.
100 kiloPascals go into a Bar..........
Little kids be trippin'.
"GRAAAAAAIIIINNNNS"  Vegetarian Zombie
Sometimes I wrestle with my demons. Sometimes we just snuggle.
What did Euler see in the toilet? Natural log
What does the Italian cat say? Cheow!
How do athletes send e-mails? On the Inter-sweat.
The worlds worst joke... EDIT: Thanks for the gold!
Why was Yoda afraid of seven? Because six, seven eight.
Pro tip: Do your makeup before you start drinking.
What do Australians call upside down cake? Cake.
What kind of dog does Sauron have? A La-Barad-dur
Arguing with autocorrect is the new yelling at the television.
What's the worst thing about eating vegetables? The wheelchair
I'm gonna make this girl mine..... Right click, Save As....
What do wolves even want from the moon?
What do you call a plastic sheep? Lambinated!
What's left when a jew takes a shower? Their shackle
What kind of dance does your mother do? The MOMbo.
What's a pirates favourite video game genre? Arr-PG's
Is your refrigerator running? Because i will vote for it!
North Korea
How did Aladdin die? Carpet bombing.
Who is the musician's best friend? The drummer!
What do you call a stripper donkey? A Horse.
Sharks could be very gentle lovers. We don't know.
Math, I'm not a therapist... ...Solve your own problems.
This salad would be way better if it was pizza.
Cats have tails so you can swing them around. Duh.
What will be the most useless invention? A waterproof teabag
Why don't they play poker in Africa? Because there's cheetahs.
Knock knock!
I watched pom. You misread that, didn't you?
Mouth piercings look like robot herpes.
What does an alcoholic neckbeard drink for breakfast? M'mosa
what do you call a queue of jokers? a PUNchline
LGBT should rename themselves BLTG. It's more tasteful.
What type of shoes do pedophiles wear? White vans
Cheated on Twitter with my real life today.
"You're on your own, kid." - A Republican village.
I'm so hungover that my thoughts sound like Sylvester Stallone.
I really hate campfires... Just Kindling.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
Halle is the only Blackberry I'd pay money for.
What do you call a black cop? Suicidal.
What do you call a wandering caveman? A Meanderthal.
Did you hear about the singing laptop? It's a Dell.
What is a physicist's favorite social movement? Half-lives matter.
My Hamster passed today, he fell asleep at the wheel....
Chuck Norris can land a plane in Auto Pilot.
What's 41 times 11? I can't find the answer anywhere.
What starts with P and ends with orn? ;) Popcorn.
What monster plays the most April Fool's  jokes? Prankenstein!
What's a New Zealander's favorite car? The Kia Ora.
Sometimes Jesus asks himself, "What would some self-righteous hypocrite do?"
What's a dogs favorite TV show? Bones.
Why does Gandalf prefer coupes? Because other cars have Mordor.
What's a businessman's favourite dessert? Profiteroles!
What did the tomato say to the peach? "Nice pits."
What sound does a dying Turkey make? Coup coup coup
What is the most confusing day in Harlem Fathers day
What is brown and sticky? A stick....
I shoot cans... Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, and Africans.
Russian history in five words ...and then it got worse
The vast majority of spider couples met on the web.
Congratulations on passing your test! You are HIV-positive
What do termites put on their toast? Door jamb.
Why do mice need oiling ? Because they squeak !
What's black and dosent work? Half of London
Your mama's hair is so nappy... Moses couldn't part it.
What do you call a gay couch? A homo sectional.
I hate being bi-polar It's awesome
What do you call an apple filled with cement? Hardcore.
What are Mario's overalls made of? Pixels.
What is the most successful hotel? Auschwitz, 6 million stars.
Best politically incorrect joke you have heard ?
Yo mama middle name is Rambo.
"SANTA" rearranged is "SATAN"...I'm on to you fat man
Make little things count!... Teach midgets math!
my life is a joke with no punchline
Remember those days when using "protection" meant wearing your helmet?
2 pacs of eminems for 50 cents? Man that's Ludacris
Why do people like amputee porn? It fucking stumps me.
What do you call a dead fly? a flew
a:1:{s:7:"retweet";i:3;}
When Egypt had no internet, it was called Gypt.
Make the little things count. Teach midgets math
Words: For when an emoticon just isn't enough.
"I dropped my toothpaste"... ...he said, crestfallen.
Why do woman vacuum? So they can practice there sucking.
Somebody needs to teach opportunity how to use a doorbell.
A seal walks into a club. The end.
Romeo and Juliet.doc Is a play on word
Why do all Pirates wear eye patches? Chuck Norris.
How does a stripper find jobs? She does netwerking!
I thought of a black joke. But it doesn't work.
What do you call an introspective monk? A deep friar.
What disorder will Spiderman get as he ages? Peter Parkinsons
What do you call an exceptionally intelligent gay man? Homogeneous
Whats a real pain in the butt? Dry anal.
which is the best key on keyboard?
Knock knock. Who's there? Saddam. Saddam who? *Seen*
Remember busy signals? Crazy times.
Charlie Chaplin called I couldn't hear him though.
Your momma so slutty... ...her spirit animal is the swallow.
Wipe that smile off your face :
"Pick a card....any card." -impatient Hallmark employee
What do you call a homeless horse? Unstable.
Where do epileptic midgets go for pizza? Little Caeser's
Why does Pinocchio lie? Because he is a fucking liar!
So they're selling crack in my neighborhood.. FINALLY
Old English Churches by Beverley Minster
What do you call a nosey pepper? jalapeno business
Jaden Smith goes into the bar gain bin at Costco
I'm on a whiskey diet I've lost 3 days already.
You had me at "Bathes regularly".
This is my stepladder... I never knew my real ladder.
Amish Joke
What two words have the most letters? Post office.
I went to get myself a glass of punch but...
What came first the chicken or the egg? The Rooster
Do you want to buy a broken barometer? No pressure..
Having intense back pain atm It's no joke
My neck, My back, My Netflix and my snacks...
What vegetable has Avoidant Personality Disorder? *Lettuce alone!*
What's a vampire's favorite hobby?  In-grave-ing.
What did one crow say to the other? Caw dude?
Why do social justice warriors hate math? all the inequalities
What does a dyslexic klan member hate? Gingers
What language do farsighted people speak? Farsi.
What's Forest Gump's Facebook Password? 1forest1
Want to hear an awesome lyrebird impression? You just did.
My nickname at work is "HR wants to see you"
Hey. Do these camo pants make me look fatigued?
What is a pirate's favorite element? Argon
Who loves fast food? Jared fogle
What tea do footballers drink? Penaltea!
Who killed the Corn Flake? The cereal killer...
Kid sounds like the turtle from Finding Nemo http://youtu.be/3yDeag-HzuE
Why couldn't the melons be together? Everyone knows melons cantaloupe.
What's a vampire's favorite dance? The Vaults.
What is .Net
Beer before liquor, alphabetical order
After that release you can call me POTATO_OUT_OF_MY_ANUS
Man, boobs are amazing!
When I grow up I want to be a kid.
I really like money, but I don't like to work.
Which actor is always criticising churchgoers? Christian Slater.
Boycott shampoo demand real poo instead
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear? White Vans
Where do dumb aliens go? Area 52
"Who let the dogs out?!" - Pavlov getting angry
What's a dinosaurs least favorite reindeer? Comet
Why can't a guy see his friends? Because he's married.
What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaaaaaaaaaay !!!
Parkinson's Disease was named after its discoverer, Dr. Timothy Disease.
How do you call a Russian tree? Dimitree
What kind of pizza does Lil Wayne like? Little seizures.
A question from an agnostic dyslexic Is there Dog?
I'm a perfectionist when it comes to being imperfect.
"50 Cent for 2Pacs of Eminems!? That's Ludacris!"
So Batman skipped church... Call that a Christian Bale
Here is a funny joke by George Lopez .
"Bitches be crazy." -dog therapist
So, a dyslexic walks into a bra...
What do you call pasta sex? pennetration.
What kind of lizard can run the mafia? The Iguanodon
A man walks into a bar... ....and says "ouch"....
*Shocking News*: Critics Say Kindergartner's Homework "Doesn't Add Up"
Is Schrodinger's cat alive? Short answer: No Long answer: Yes
mom: do the dishes me: i cant im ugly
Chuck Norris died yesterday. He's fine today.
If two vegetarians are arguing is it called a beef?
Goal weight: "are you ok, you look sick"
So afraid of commitment I only play "Words With Acquaintances".
What is Marios favorite type of pants? Denim Denim Denim
Kids, don't grow up... it's a trap!
How do black people grow? Their knee grows!
What car does Luke Skywalker drive? A Toyoda
I just can't wrap my head around decapitation.
You're never too old to disappoint your parents.
What is Gollum's favourite bird? A Smeagull! :D
What does a sassy ghost say? Boo you whore
Today has been approved by both my middle fingers.
What do fat women get for valentines day? Depressed.
So apparently yesterday was middle child day... Nobody noticed
Siri, who's in my trunk?
What do you call a drunk muslim woman? Stoned.
The secret to my amazing vegan burgers is real beef.
Congratulations to Amy Winehouse... ...on six months of sobriety.
What do you call a divorced FBI agent? Fed-Ex
Where do the Sith go shopping? The Darth Mall.
Today's a really good day... 10/10
Knock-knock. Who's there? No, he's on first.
Ouija board......"your going to die!" Me: you're*
Time was invented by the clock industry.
At best, I think I could be a Third Responder.
unicorns are really just weaponized ponies.
What does a Mexican duck say? Guac guac
How to turn black woman into spider? Kill her husband.
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar n.
When you're single expiration dates are more of a suggestion.
E.T.'s last name was "Cetera"
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive? Because she was a woman
Girl, are you a homeless horse? Because you look unstable.
Who is Samuel L Jackson's favorite historical figure? Oedipus
What letter is like a vegetable? The letter P.
Where do cats go when they die? Purrgutory.
Obama and Bush walk into a bar... ...Clinton ducked.
People come and go but birthdays do accrue.
What's pink with seven dents? Snow white's hymen
How to trigger a Canadian My favorite color is gray.
What was Confucius' favorite comfort food? Macaroni and Qi.
What are spiders webs good for ? Spiders !
Quick! I need cheesy science jokes!!
Reddit's management [interesting insight](https://i.imgur.com/z8uBXo0.jpg)
Why isn't ebola airborne? Because niggers can't fly
A redditor walks outside.
Where do Eskimos keep their money? In snowbanks.
What starts with "f" and ends with "uck" Fire truck!
Ugly is in the eye of the beholder as well.
"No. Delete it." -Mona Lisa
One joke. http://imgur.com/pjaDq
My boyfriend is like an iPhone 7 Just jacks off
He who stands on a toilet is high on pot.
What's another term for anal bleaching? Changing your ringtone
I know someone who talks like an owl
What makes a joke bad? redundancy.
How does Mike Tyson say hatred? Hate Thread!
I got gas for $1 today damn bean burritos.
Whats a trilby clad, neck bearded gentlemen's favorite color?
What do you call a cow masturbating? Beef stroganoff!
What do you call a cow masturbating? Beef stroganoff.
High-Speed Rail in the US.
"Don't fret." -Guitar that apparently doesn't want to be played
How do you please an Amish woman? 3 Mennonite...
Who is the smartest rapper? Ice^3
Which laptop has the most pleasant speakers? A Dell
What kind of letters do feminists send? Hate male.
Where do Cows go for parties? The Moovies
What do you call a fish with no eye? fsh
What is a vampires favorite drink? .
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend? Because Sheeran
Hear me out: Google Naps
what the black guy get on his SAT's? BBQ sauce
What do you call lesbians doing karate? dikewondo
What do you find in the Pope's toilet? Holy shit!
"Sup man? Yeaah, I'm incorporated." - business casual
Where does Lance Armstrong go to continue his education? http://cms.bsu.edu/
A dog made of diamonds would be everyone's best friend.
What do you call a female barber? A Bobbitt
Tits are like Legos I'm always stepping on them.
Why can't ghosts have babies? Because they have hollow-weenies!
Who's the most forgettable Disney/Pixar character? Bing-Bong
What's green and eats nuts? Syphilis
"Do not iron" Like that was ever going to happen...
Whats a butt's favorite exercise? High Knees
Five out of six people enjoy Russian Roulette.
What's the difference between reddit and Facebook About a week
Guess what? You didn't guess what.
What do you call Mary Janes vagina? A peter parker.
What sexual position creates the ugliest kids? Ask your parents
5 out of 1 dentists agree, they have multiple-personality disorder
What's a pedos favourite key? A minor.
The dish drainer is just my default cupboard.
Millenials won't get this one Their own home
TIFU by mis-targeting my torpedo Whoops, wrong sub.
What's Spider-Mans favorite online music app? Spotafly.
Lake Superior really needs to lose the attitude.
Eating at this new Hitler-themed breakfast place, Luftwaffles.
I'm on a whisky diet. I've lost three days already.
What was Superman's first job? A Clark.
Why did the train kill people? It had a loco-motive.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
What do you call gay sound waves? Faghertz
wanna hear a science joke? Psychology
I remember when yoga was called Twister.
What do you call in-flight pilot training? Air conditioning.
Moses parts the Hi-C... ...To save the juice
What kind of ships can't go in salt water? Snail-boats
I trust J.D. Power, but not his shifty "Associates"
The Story Of My Life
Wanna Hear A Joke? Hufflepuff.
I'm the daughter of Ned Stark! Arya?
Poop in the sink Shit will solve itself.
"Nietzsche, what's the matter?" "Nothing."
Pancake day has really crepe'd up on me this year.
What has two legs and bleeds? Half a puppy.
What happens when a pope dies? Another pops up.
This will probably get buried. . . It's a coffin.
Stop eating all the shrimp, Sean Connery It's shellfish.
What is the worst piece in undersea chess? The prawn.
Self is a word in Itself.
I ran a whole 5K and didn't even eradicate cancer
Mostly men lie before the elections, sex and after fishing.
What would you call two bananas? A pair of slippers.
Sometimes blank stare is the correct answer.
What do you call a ghost on the Internet? e-erie.
What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
If they could, cats would correct your grammar.
Those who throw dirt... ...are sure to lose ground.
For me sex is like a game Single player
Fuck me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Cindrella?
What do you call a fat asian? A chunk. (Chink)
What do you call a bulimic magician? Hurlin' Merlin
What's the fastest car on earth? A rental car.
A girl never comments on another unless she's jealous.
I have a joke for you. /r/Jokes
What pants do ghosts wear? BOO jeans.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? DUNG
Ibuprofen, youbuprofen, weallbuprofen.
How does a Jewish guy make beer? Hebrews it.
My Social Life 404
Be careful of shoe thieves I hear they're afoot.
What's the hardest part of golf for asians? Driving
What is the horror movie Quija rated? Quija-13
Shipwreck diary, Day 32,567: So, turns out I'm immortal.
My favorite machine at the gym is the water fountain.
A lawyer dies and goes to heaven...
Who called them Drinking Buddies and not Palcoholics
The name's Bond.. James Earl Jones.
*puts it in perspective Perspective: Wrong hole.
Why are turtles so grumpy? Because they can't masturbate.
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of bubble gum? Bigly chew.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don't work!
My favorite yoga pose is "try to cut the toenail"
What do scientists and vegetables have in common? Stephen Hawking
I bet cannibals were really disappointed by elbow macaroni.
How do you identify a vegan? Listen closely.
What's the difference between a mod and a banana? [removed]
Sex on the golf course: Is that considered a "hole-in-one?"
People on Tumblr have PTSD Potty Trained and Socially Disordered
Knock knock! Who's there? It's me.
How do fish get high? Seaweed.
Who called them accountants and not sumbodies?
What is a firewalker's favorite snack? Tostitos.
"Are you okay?" Me anytime I meet someone named Annie.
What's a Mathematician's favourite Christmas pudding? Yule ln!
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross country
How does Darth Vader like his milk? *Luke* warm
Computers teach us 3 healthy daily habits... read/write and Run
What does Paul Inces mum make for Christmas? Ince pies!
What is Rickon Stark's favourite band ? One Direction.
You didn't comment on my selfie. WHO IS SHE
What don't homeless people get? Knock knock jokes
What do you call Catholics who marry Jews? Cashews!
Why did the computer squeak? Someone stepped on the mouse.
What do you call an Asian Terrorist group? Rice-is
Waldo asked his wife what was for dinner... Fondue, waldo.
What's 50 Cent's new name? 50 Drachma.
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
SPELLING BEE "Defiant" Can I have the definition, please? "No"
"Bjark! Bjark!" -Bjork's dog
Everyone hates Mondays and Tuesdays Even the weekdays go WTF
How do you kill a circus? Go for the juggler.
I've gone unverified for 5,000 years. Why change now?
Food on the Table by E. Tittup
What's the biggest city in the United States? Obesity
What's worse than an unfinished joke?
[mocking jay part 2] jay: come on guys please stop
Here's a pie chart on procrastination.
"I'm not racist but..." - Britain
Why do Mexicans always have red eyes after sex? Pepperspray...
Headache Doc: Hows your headache? Husband: She's fine.
What do bacteria eat for breakfast? prokaryoats
What do you call a black political figure? A *coon*gressman
Never Give Up! by Percy Vere
TIL Atheism.... ...is a non-prophet organization
The Illuminati doesn't scare me They never even kill anyo
Como frijoles? How you bean?
That was easy... Said Yoda, after to Staples he went.
What kind of dreams do dustmites have? .............. Mitemares
Breaking news!!! Ne ws
Two things I learned from online dating geography and disappointment
What do you call a flying Grizzly? ...a bearoplane
I'm straight but not "get my alibi" straight.
So what do you call a busy soviet A Russian....yeah....
What did the Jewish boy get for Christmas? Jealous
What's the difference between 69 and 6.9? 6.9 has period.
What kind of tea is sometimes hard to swallow? Reality
Smirnoff bought pabst Now traded as pab-smir
A wife can enjoy anything, until it's not my salary.
Use conditioner... Shampoo burns (;
What do you call a Japanese suicide bomber? Wasabi
Why is minotaur pretty ugly? Because it is an Oxy+moron.
Diarrhea is hereditary. Apparently it runs in your jeans.
What brand toothbrush do Mexicans use? Oral-E
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeves? Christopher Walken.
What's a pedophile's favorite wing in a children's hospital? ICU
Did I ever post my Alzheimer's joke?
Lesbian joke What do lesbians use for lubricant? Tartar sauce!
Why do you call an angry bear? A grrrrrrrizzly bear
Why couldn't the chameleon change colors? It had reptile dysfunction.
What's a classic Russian sci-fi film? Czar Wars
What do you call a cat on fire? A fur-nace
Best pick up line? Lets go eat. I'm paying!
What would /u/doubledickdude's band be called? The Tu-Wang Clan
What's the most intelligent breakfast? A Stephen Fry-up.
It's not easy to make small talk with a meteorologist.
I'd like to go to Holland some day... Wooden shoe?
Hi, what's your name? My name is Yura Phag
What has antlers and sucks blood ? A moose-quito !
What do you call a badly cooked beef? A misteak.
I snatch kisses... ...and vice versa.
What's the bare minimum? One bear.
Where do sick boats go? The dock!
Ethnic cleansing Is that what Michael Jackson did?
Which song title makes an Ape heartsick? Gorilla My Dreams!
Someone gave Chuck Norris the finger. He still has it.
How does a midget buy stuff With micro transactions
Yess ocifer b-b-but in dog beers I've only had two.
What's a sheep's favorite type of alcohol? Mutton-schnapps.
Two men walk into a bar The third ducks. LOL
Women hate to be stereotyped. .. They're all like that.
How do you pay for a circumcision? With a tip!
What kind of dog do IT people prefer? A Dobie
Did you hear David Copperfield got AIDs? He did Magic.
Why are all Stormtroopers virgins? Because they don't hit anything.
Twitter is the witness protection program from family on Facebook.
What do you call a ubiquitous spud? A common-tater!
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop Dogg? Dr. Dre
Which color do Colombian communists hate the most? *Greengos*
My girlfriend's got conjunctionitis It makes her 'ands swell up
Girl, you have a nice... http://imgur.com/OJKPTJr
Shopping at Walmart to test my immune system.
What's the opposite of effort? F it.
Is the ocean salty because... the land doesn't wave back?
A politician died It was a good day.
A guy walked into a gay bar backwards. Ouch.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotofpuss.
what do you call water that bounces? Spring water.
Why do rabbits make good mathematicians? Because they're constantly multiplying!
Where do frogs come from? They're German and a tad-polish
I'd like my headstone engraved in Burger King font.
*pulls away from kissing -What does CVS stand for?
Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
Whats BNAG? Its bang out of order!
Do competitive origami artists ever fold under pressure?
Why does Mario hate Punchbug? Because he bruises like-a Peach!
Have you ever had sex while camping? It's fucking intense.
How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs
I'm a simple mathematician... I see 281x285, I like.
All jeans are skinny jeans... ...if you're fat enough.
A man walks into a caffe splash
[at church] "I'm here for the blood."
Why did the chicken cross the road? To murder link
What is Swizz Beatz's favorite breakfast meal? Alicia Quiche
What is a collie puppy's favorite toy? A chew-chew train!
How do golfers get away with cheating? The unfairway
Elmer Fudd knew how to deal with a duck face.
First Rule of *Always Right* Club--No Men Allowed
In Russia they don't have Netflix, they have Njetflix.
Canadian castles... They really aren't my fort-eh.
Just a Reddit joke Never mind, I already Reddit.
Everybody loves pussies... Except the dong lovers. *dog :P
What do you call a duck on a rampage? Amok
What does the south call friends with benefits? Cousins.....
A list of Hilary Clinton jokes. [deleted]
Why are many electronics handbooks banned in Germany? diepole
You know why I hate Cancer? I have crabs. *(Zodiac)*
What do gay horses eat? Haaaaaaaayy!
How does a shepherd integrate black and white flocks? Ewe-substitution
How does constipation work? I don't give a shit.
Chuck Norris can taste lies.
yt7it78f6876 tyrd7 ui6g76d5875
What do you call a clean Mexican? Spic and span
Conjugating verbs is great It's always in-tense
Who's the chief of the internet? E-ronimo!
My professor accused me of plagiarism His words, not mine.
What does a communist cat say Mao
The Oscars so white I gotta wear shades.
Whats the ISIS members' astrological sign? Sad terrorist
[gets out of tanning bed with a grilled cheese sandwich]
The Wall Street protesters are right... There is no Jobs.
Yo momma so fat... She is geographically bipolar.
Google fiber mission statement Bringing you a more regular internet.
how does jesus make coffee? hebrews it.
Why are government employees constipated? Because they don't do shit.
Last year, I had an Easter egg But it dyed.
Nothing says "I'm unemployed" like wishing for snow on Facebook.
What are cranes made of? Cranium.
How's your baby? Your baby penis!
Blows you, kisses See proper punctuation is important
I like my women like I like my isotopes. Stable.
New lesbian species of dinosaur discovered. Lickalottapus.
What to hear a joke? Women's Sports.
First World Problems Mi atocoreect is brokan.
Pikachu hates Rebeca black
Why is there no gambling in Africa? Too many cheetahs.
Sorry I have byslexia...
What is 168? Dinner for 4.
If Love is like Chemistry. I am a noble gas.
How does an abortion doctor like his eggs? Scrambled.
What Slenderman doesnt have? Facebook.
"Just saw this text." Just saw this lie.
What is the derivative of 151? Poke(dx)
Why don't hipsters like fishing? It's too mainstream.
I speak Swedish with an Ikea accent.
Where does Donald Trump store his books? The fireplace.
Should Female Freshmen Be Called Fresh Women?
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor
How do you kiss a florist? With tulips.
I've said it before, I'll say it again. It.
What do you call a lesbian spy? Lesbianage.
A ninja turdle is when you poop really fast.
Why Yao-Ming tries to catch Pikachu? He's from Team Rocket
Don't get me started. I don't come with brakes.
The rotation of the earth Really makes my day
The big bang by Dina Mite
For lack of a better word... Buy a thesaurus
What do you call an angry German? A sour kraut.
"Please let go of my hair" -my gynaecologist
starting an indie band called Their Early Stuff
Use the force luke I've run out of lubricant
What's the inverse of Kansas? Arkansas
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed? At the bottom.
What's E.T short for? ...'cause he's got little legs
Q: What county in Ireland hates "South Park?" A: Killkenny.
The Strongman by Everhard Muscles
What has 10 letters and starts with gas? Automobile.
Why is tomorrow like your girlfriend. It never comes.
What's a necrophilic pirate's favorite activity? Digging for booty.
What does eating an old lady out taste like? Depends.
What's it like having sex with a wave? Fucking hertz.
Two peanuts walk into a bar And one was assaulted
Who held the baby octopus to ransom ?  Squidnappers !
A non sequiter walks into a bar 3
I don't like referencing not et al.
Why does Washington DC stink? Because of the B O
knock knock whos there
What's your favorite rape joke? Here's mine: ______________________________
A will is a dead giveaway.
What does D.N.A. stand for? National Dyslexic Association.
Nothing is certain but death and iTunes updates.
What are jokes about janitors called? Sweeping generalizations.
What hair style is a calf's favorite? The cowlick!
What's Donald Trumps's favorite Christmas carol? White Christmas
How does R.Kelly end a joke? Ba dum *piss*
Why do some girls walk in threes? They can't even.
You probably know the last word of this sentence
Whiteboards are remarkable.
What do you call a sick extraterrestrial? An ailin' alien.
Thank you, pencil sharpeners! For always making a good point.
When life gives you melons... ...you may be dyslexic.
668  The neighbour of the beast.
Vidi vini Me looking at ancient Etruscan nudes
If two vegetarians are fighting, is it still considered beef?
Which state has the smallest sodas? Minesoda
Me: OMG I feel amazing! WebMD: sounds like cancer!
Dear Cupid, next time hit us both.
Hey baby, forget Netflix and chill Let's Imax and climax
Do you know what Minnesota doesn't have? Super Bowl Babies.
Sporks: the bisexual's favorite utensil
What food do vampires hate? Steaks.
Chuck Norris blood type is.. AK-47
Beverly Hills - 90210 Denver Broncos - 16
So this guy walks into a bar... Ouch!
Where do werewolves live? In werehouses.
According to science... Apaprnlety hmoosxeulas aer brililnat at unscarbmnlig snetnecse.
if money can't buy happiness explain pizza
Which antivirus program does a pirate use? [Avast](http://www.avast.com/), ye mateys!
I tried Alaskan food once. But I wasn't that Inuit.
Crack-head's favorite rap song... I wanna rock RIGHT NOW!!!!
This alcohol tastes like there's a sock getting lucky tonight.
What's the best Brokemon? Ayyyyyyy, brah.
I want an iPhone with BBM and a Nokia battery.
My cat just showed it's holiday spirit by pooping tinsel.
What is your favorite type of wood? Mine is morning.
What do you call a spanish child molester? A pedrophile
What do you call a criminal jazz player? Felonius Monk!
Who is the greatest painter of this century?  Pigcasso!
I don't have a penis April Fools
What is a pirates favorite letter? 4
I'd settle for separation of church and snakes.
What do you call a questionable porcine? A Porque-pine
What did the teddy bear say after dinner? "I'm stuffed."
What's a man's definition of a romantic evening? Sex.
Suicide Bombers...... What makes them tick?
*still doesn't understand when or why asterisks started indicating action*
Whenever I lose my micrometer I use my dick.
A baby seal walks into a club..
Why are some flowers gangsta ? Cause they carry pistils.
What do Pavlov's dogs call storefront bell-ringers? The Salivation Army.
Burger King of Kings. Have it Yahweh.
A scuba diver brings a wetsuit to a dry cleaner...
Whats a frogs favourite game ? It's croak-et !
<- sleeps well with others
MEME : Sad Robb Stark http://9gag.com/gag/arp6PQ6?ref=noti
What to gay men call hemorrhoids?? Speed bumps
What do you call a spontaneous man named Lee? spontaneously
Another bunny
Igloo Building by S Keemo
Which dog tastes better when eaten? A hot dog.
I AM A CAPITALIST YES I AM
how do lawyers argue without crying
Three Mexicans walk into a bar.
McDonald's new Obama Value Meal is for freaks!!!
Why couldn't Christopher Reeve pay his landlord? Back rent.
What's ISIS' favorite kind of discount? Blowouts
What do you get from a cowmedian? Cream of Wit!
Here's an olive branch. Please choke on it.
All these jokes about pointless pencils... are dull.
How did the farmer find his wife? He tractor down.
If embryos are people, ultrasounds are child pornography
Stop the presses! My paninis can wait.
How do Catholic church priests stay healthy? They exorcise.
Spent the entire day milking a single almond.
Now responding to all "hello" DMs with "Adele?"
What is the hardest part about puberty? (NSFW) My penis.
What was your grandfather's favorite joke?
Where do swashbuckling turds come from? A pirates booty
I snort a lot of cocaine for a sober person.
Never judge a book by it's cover.....
I'm a virgin by choice. Just not my choice.
Friendly like talking
anything is possible with the right attitude and a sledgehammer
Somebody said you sound like an owl
How does Lord Voldemort like his pussy? (whisper) HHAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYY
Skateboarding has its pros and cons.
What do vampires call menstrual cups? Shot glasses.
What did the frozen scientist say? "It's fine, I'm 0K"
What does a nosey pepper do? Get's jalapeno business!
Walruses? Walri? Walrus? Anyway...They've escaped.
Funny feminist joke women are equal to men
A cannibal is just a foodie who likes other foodies.
I was gonna tell a gay joke... butt fuck it.
How do you make a dwarf taller? Ge-gnome therapy
how does Justin Bieber remove a condom? He farts.
What does a vegetarian zombie eat? Grains...
Which tax haven is a daddy? The Cayman Islands
What do you call a terrible Nature Valley bar? Crummy
How do you install "blackout curtains"? They just get hammered.
What Pablo Escobar And Other Narcos Fear Most? LEGALIZATION
I like my coffee black Like Jesus
Where do you find Klingons? On Uranus.
Iguana... tap it, but I have a reptile dysfunction.
Twitter birth control: airfare
Can anyone recommend a few thousand books on hoarding?
Why shouldn't you post to Reddit while driving? becau
They irony of being hit by a Dodge.
What programming language was used to create piratebay? R.
Me: Hi. Girl: No.
What does a cannibalistic homosexual sailor eat? Semen.
Why doesn't Ronald Reagan drink orange juice? Because he's dead.
Pretty unfair how gargoyles just monopolized rooftop perches.
Why was the feminist picnic cancelled? Because nobody made sandwiches.
A Blanket? It would be a fukkit.
Everyone should thank me for not being a doctor.
Remember: It's not stalking if you don't see me.
I said "no" to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen.
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? Their kids haven't .
What do you call a Bull that masturbates? Beef Stroganoff
What did the thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll.
Liars make their bed and.... lie there too.
My teeth are so white, they adopted 14 kids.
Calculus and alcohol don't mix... Never drink and derive.
I escaped Iraq. Wanna know how? Iran.
What's a Mexican midget barbers favorite restaurant? Little Cesar's
How are electric outlets punished? They're grounded.
What is a soccer player's favorite drink? Sham-pain.
What does a horny toad say? Rubbit
I want a hair cut please. Certainly which one !
Waldo is probably horrible at responding to texts.
What's a mouse's least favorite shape? A trapezoid.
Only Christians will get this... Eternal life.
Porsche designer... the most overpaid job in the world
Why do black people have long legs? Because they're negros
Chuck Norris' favourite cut of meat is the roundhouse.
Dwarf porn is a little fucked.
If abortion is murder then are condoms kidnaping?
What do you call unleavened cheese? Matzahrella
Why do priests cry during sex? There's no telling.
Fuck the man And make him a sandwich.
What did Ohio say to Oklahoma? Oh, hi "O". `ifit'sbaddon'tkillme`
How much of northern Canada is livable? *Nunavut*
Why do Jews have such large noses? Air is free
What does the snowman call his wife? Snowblower
What do you call a Mexican with no car? Joaquin
Why does Bill Clinton prefer B.J.s? Because he hates Costco.
*deletes embarrassing drunk tweets *tweets embarrassing sober ones
What is Pitbull's favorite restaurant? Jason's Dale!
You are not even beneath my contempt.
What's 5q + 5q?
What do you call a cheap circumcision A rip off.
Why are divorces so expensive? Because they are worth it!
Broke bakers need dough.
What do you call 100 cows masterbating ? Beef Strokenoff
Men don't get lost; they discover alternative destinations.
Some people say that I'm too vague.
What do you call a one-legged Asian woman? Irene.
My math teacher called me average... How mean.
What do you call a vampire junkie? Count Drugula.
What is green and smells like bacon? ... Kermit's finger
It would be endearing to call Elon Musk... Musk Dear
What happened to the blind surgeon? He got the sack.
You know what? Chicken Butt!
You win some, you booze some!
There's panic and then there's can't-find-your-tampon-string-panic.
[In a chair] Leans back Leans back Leans ba... [Ambulance]
what's the cheapest force? centrifrugal
Motels 1 through 5 must've been real dumps.
What's al Qaeda's favorite football team? The New York Jets.
What do vegan white nationalists chant at rallies? Sieg-Kale, Sieg-Kale!
guess what? chicken but. lol
Alcohol is best served.
My favorite joke about Alzheimer's
American Politics
A police joke knock knock
Which state serves the smallest soft drinks? Minnesota.
Why don't old people like tennis? There's too much racket
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar... Followed by BATMAN!
findafamilymember.com Now the #1 Dating Site in Texas!
Everyone enjoys blonde jokes. Except blondes, they don't get it.
Where does virgin wool come from? Ugly sheep.
I'll get you wetter than a Scottish summer.
Smoke alarms are really just toast alarms.
I like my women like I like my coffee, Not-tea
A short and a long joke * joke * JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKE
A man walks into a bar... Ow.
what % of the time are birds just chilling
If you want to hide your face, go out naked.
What were the French children doing in the pool? Piscine.
YOUR LISTENING TO MAGIC FM........pick a frequency, any frequency
What do you call a singing computer? A Dell
How come Notepad has no street cred? It can't wrap.
"Easter?" HERE "Thanksgiving?" HERE "Christmas?" PRESENT
Warner Bros. before Warner Hos.
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? To avoid debating.
Talking to you makes me invent new swear words.
It's okay to laugh at cancer, you'll probably get it.
Incest... When you hit a little too close to home
Cripple jokes are terrible... I just cant stand them...
What do you call a fear of big boobs... HerRackNaphobia
Haters gonna hate, alligators gonna alligate
Prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting. You can't.
The last Hillary Clinton email joke... [defeated]
What has one hundred balls and screws old ladies? Bingo
What's the difference between Myspace and My space? One Space.
Whats brown and sticky? anal
What make an ISIS joke funny? the execution
How do you titillate an ocelot? Oscillate its titalot
What is Shaka's favorite Japanese food? Shakitori!
What is a cannibal's favorite food?  Baked Beings.
How do you turn on a lamp? By seducing it
An opinion without 3.1415926535897932.... is just an onion.
Anyone have a good recipe for ice cubes?
Why are Canadians atheist? Because they are Eh-theists.
How does Davy Crockett like his pie? Alamo'd
Mitt Romney Runs for president.
Some people are glistening beacons of nope.
Abs are for people who can't afford good food.
What's red and smells like green paint? Red Paint
Wana hear a Canadian joke? Toronto maple leafs.
I'll have a 12 year old scotch. Hold the scotch.
How do you find an ants forefathers? Check it's ants-history.
Two maggots were fighting in dead ernest, poor old Ernest.
My friend lost his left hand... He's all right now.
I ran out of tortilla chips so I'm freebasing salsa.
What do you call a shy, soft-spoken hipster? mumblr
Michelle Obama should have dropped the mic and moonwalked out.
Knock Knock "Knock Knock" "Who's there?" "No, Who's on first!"
What did the cactus say to his wife? 'Aloe Vera!
Thanks, but it's spelled "sexiest", not "sexist". Stupid woman.
"They dared me to" is always a valid excuse.
Q: What's Mary short for? A: She's got no legs.
Did you hear? About the cannibal that dumped his girlfriend?...
You can't spell "ducking" without "autocorrect"
Who's the nicest guy at the hospital? The ultrasound guy
Might I integrate your curves tonight?
What music does a balloon really hate? Pop
The most scientific pet? The lab.
What's the deal with circles. They're pointless.
I like my women like I like my coffee. Cold.
What do you call an underwater dog? Scuba Doo
What do you call an overweight Mexican? A MAXican
What do they call diarrhea at Hogwarts? expellianus!
What does the perverted frog say? Rubbit.
Whats the opposite of feminism? Common sense
What does the fox say? Go republicans!
What's the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
You call it the Friend Zone. I call it Palcatraz.
What do you call lesbian eskimos? Klondykes
Why couldn't the t-rex clap? Because he's dead.
What's red and invisible at the same time? No tomatoes.
What is Paula Deens Least Favorite Pokemon? Butterfree
A guy walks into a bar... Ouch
Americans may pull guns but Canadians.... ..may pull leaves.
What's an Arab's favorite car? Citroen C4
U.S healthcare Bam
Who built King Arthur's round table? *Sir Cumference*
It's Election Eve, Not Election and Steve!
Askreddit without the textbox.
What's Darth Vader's sister's name? Elle Vader. *Badum tsssss*
What do blind trains read? Raile!
I got a Wu ton... Wu tang futon
Two gay cowboys: "Y'up?" "Yup."
What's another name for a Jew? A sneeze.
Do transformers buy car or life insurance?
What do 9/10 people enjoy? Gangrape
what is worse than the holocaust 6 million jews
Im so poor... That my new years resolution is 144p
What are a musician's favourite letters? P and O.
What's green and chokes superheroes? (NSFW) The Hulk's cock
What holds the moon up? Moonbeams.
What kind of apple isn't an apple? A pineapple.
9/11 was a national tragedy. So is 11/9.
How does Moses make his coffee? He brews it
What do you find up a clean nose? Finger-prints.
Who's killed more natives than General Custer? Jack Daniels
Why do my eyes hurt? Because I got eye lashes.
Why couldn't the NSA leave their houses? They got Snowden.
Hey commercials, thanks anyway but we're poor.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAAND EYYEEEEEEEE
Geese just call them bumps.
I've never been pleased to meet anyone.
If you can't win an argument, correct their grammar.
I hate bipolar jokes... They're hilarious.
Someone told me testimony is unreliable I don't believe them.
When Chuck Norris says "More cowbell", he MEANS it.
Top billiard player retires There are no queues.
What do you get when you squeeze a synagogue? Jews.
Who is the dogs favourite comedian ? Growlcho Marx !
*sinks into depression* Depression: "Wrong hole."
Can you "pray away" asparagus pee?
What did the zombie farmer say he wanted? Grrraaaaiiinnns...
What's the object of Jewish football? Get the quarter back.
So a dyslexic man walks into a bra
What band performed at the Jefferson memorial? Nickelback
Why didn't Edward leave Russia? Cause he was snowden.
It's called mankind because womanmean just sounded too obvious.
Why don't black people pay rent? Because jail is free.
Science builds airplanes &amp; skyscrapers... ...and faith brings them together.
What's a redditor's favorite form of math? substitution
So how is your sushi? Meh, it's all rice.
Winter is natures way of telling you to polish.
What has two legs and screams... half a dog.
Where do poor meatballs live? the spaghetto
You have the perfect face for radio.
I don't like rape jokes... they feel kinda forced.
A car pool is an extravagant waste of water.
What do you call Brienne's Dad? Tarth Vader.
What do nine out of ten people enjoy? A gangbang.
What do you call a phobia of machetes? Common sense
I'm not the jealous type. I wish I was, though.
What's a butcher's favorite city? Cleaveland
Legs spread faster than lies these days
Can't trust em, y'all... http://imgur.com/gallery/OEtxUYb
what tea is hardest to swallow? Reality
What's the most disappointing country in the Middle East? Oman
What do rappers use to write their lyrics? Word,yo.
Modern feminism.
What is brown and runny? Usain Bolt
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? neither have they...
How did they cure the swine flu? With oinkment.
The pirate was pretty tired... He YARwned.
I invented a new word! React!
When does CPR become Necrophlia? When tongue is involved.
If Dracula saw Twilight, he'd stake himself.
What's a European immigrant's favorite high school sport? Cross country
How did the right triangle commit suicide? With a Hypote-noose
What do lovesick owls say when it's raining? Too-wet-to-woo.
I just clogged a urinal?
What does Snoop Dogg eat when he visits Germany? Schiznitzel.
What time does Sean Connery attend the Wimbeldon? tenish.
What's Hitler's favorite drink? Genocider
FRIDAY is my second favorite F word.
Diarrhea is hereditary... It runs in the jeans (genes)
A rubberball company went broke... But they bounced back
Pavlov's cats rule, Pavlov's dogs drool.
Where does Sean Connery sit? In the toilet.
What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen.
What's an epileptic's motto? Carpe diem.
What do you call an affectionate island? Isle of view
To anyone who has a problem with pedophiles: Grow up.
Girlfriend is on her way over. Aaaaaaannd history deleted.
What does a Jedi use to open files? Adobe-wan Kenobi
What's the KKK's favorite Christmas song? White Christmas.
What is a worm's favorite city in Alabama? Squirming-ham
Hillary Clinton You're* Fired!
'1 Gingerbread man please' Sorry, they are soul out.
Why do sharks like stoners? Because they're baked snacks.
Alligators gonna alligate
What's Jamaica's greatest superhero? Dreadpool
Geology rocks
Roast Pussy sandwich http://imgur.com/BnBLkkb
I met a girl with twelve boobs. Sounds weird, dozentit?
What did the toilet say to the pee? urine
What it all boils down to is evaporation.
People that over-exaggerate are the absolute worst.
What is an elf's favourite kind of birthday  cake? Shortcake!
A Stormtrooper tried to commit suicide yesterday.
How do you comfort a grammar Nazi? "...They're, their, there."
What's the difference between a horse? The orange has handlebars
Viagra shipment stolen... Hardened criminals on the loose.
"Follow your dreams!" - someone born into money
April showers bring May flowers... ...but Mayflowers bring smallpox.
Man who farts in church... ... sits in own pew
Someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
Canada got rid of the penny. It makes no cents.
Whats red and sits in the corner? A naughty strawberry
An Irishman walks out of a bar...
Dark Jokes Post your darkest joke in the comments
Solution to world hunger: food. Boom, done, next problem.
Whats the sickest piece of art? Pneumonia Lisa
What is Polands national sport? Paintball
My wife sent me to a self-assertion course.
Why can't you use a Palestinian toilet? It's occupied.
When God eats mushrooms He has delusions of regular.
do bird watchers not know about tv
Why cant russians drive stick? Because they are always Stalin!
What do you call a mean general? General Average
" I saw Lisa today... Dats hilarious!"
What sound does a Chinese cat make? Mao
There should be way more poetry about cheeseburgers.
What's a Jawa's favorite salad dressing? ....TAHINI!!!
What's Bill Cosby's New Favorite Snack? Jail-O
Do you know any bird that can write? Pen-guine.
What did the Mongols put on their Hamburgers? Khan-diments.
chuck norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
What do you call a lazy sandstone? A sedentary rock.
TIFU by ordering the wrong sandwich Whoops....wrong sub.
/u/ShittyJokeExplainBot , explain yourself.
"Zyzzyva, Zyxst, Zyxt..." - Noah Webster's last words
why public hairs not gone white ?
What was Hitler's favorite breakfast cereal? Reich Crispies.
I'm gonna color my hair ... or dye tryin'
Why did Suzie fall down the stairs? I pushed her
'the red wedding was my favorite part' -- drone operator
What do Zero and Nil have in common? Absolutely nothing
It's not generic enough. ~Producers of American sitcoms
Breaking up on Twitter: It's not @you it's @me.
Has anyone here ever tried Ethiopian food? They haven't either.
Who do ghosts worship? Boo, DUH!!!
Ronda Rousey lost a fight last night.
What is small, red and square? A small red square.
The Suicide Hotline is Unbearable They always leave people hanging.
What kind of eggs do Canadians prefer? Grade eh?
What's worse than a polar bear? A bi-polar bear.
Which medical specialty is dedicated to fingering your bum? Anusteaseology.
Russian history: 5 word edition And then things got worse.
Raise your right arm before you click. *tickle tickle tickle*
Sometimes, distance maketh the heart less likely to be stabbed
What is Palpatine's favourite breakfast pastry? Coruscant
Does Sean Connery like herbs? Yes, but only partially.
I heard the river in Crimea is really condescending.
What did Sonic say during Ramadan? "Gotta go fast!"
Whisper dirty things in my ear... http://i.imgur.com/wlIG8.jpg
What do you call a mexican hitchhiker? El Paso
I ate a pizza. just kidding lol
I like my men how I like my coffee. Sweet.
How do you call a meerkat? C'meerkat.
I wonder who the Jonses try to keep up with.
Sometimes I miss having an appendix.. [removed]
How many people work in your office Less than half
I'm in a complex relationship My girlfriend is imaginary.
"You CAN even." - white girl life coach
[Checks for abs] Abs : I have a boyfriend
Like a good neighbor plow my driveway, not my wife
I'll pronounce vegan "veegan", when vegetables become "veegetables".
What's Hitler's favorite letter? Well, it's not Z.
"It all started with a Klondike Bar.." -Nostalgic Prostitute
What do you call a Mexican Ghost? A Juanting.
Why does ISIS like sheep? Is-Lamb!
What do Jedi use to view PDF files? Adobe-Wan Kenobi
guys calm down squirrels invented parkour
Noah... The original Pokemon Master.
Dark humor is like food... Not everyone get it...
Synonym rolls... Just like grammar used to make.
Beef jerky is just a cow raisin
Developers don't spoon their SO They fork them.
Why are pirates pirates? Because they arrrre
You know who are the best pussy magnets? Gynecologists..
all pants are breakaway pants if you're angry enough
What's a slave's favorite type of music? House
Who was Captain Kangaroo's pedophile side-kick ? Mr. Cream Jeans
Objects in the selfie are way sadder than they appear.
What type of bagel can fly? A plain bagel!
"Here's what I would do..." - me, giving bad advice
The opposite of "Free Willy" is "Predestinationy."
Paid love costs less.
Can't sleep knowing there's a Toblerone in the mini bar.
A dyslexic man... A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Call-in sick every morning to somewhere you don't work
What's 9+10 21
What did one sunbathing pig say to another? I'm bacon.
Here's a FedEx joke. Actually, you'll get it tomorrow.
Count Chocula is undead to me.
Why do pretty faces happen to bad people?
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted!
Where did little sally go after the explosion? Everywhere
What do you call an armless obese jew? Names.
What's the difference between inlaws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
What do you call a racecar driver? A racist
Let's turn that frown upside down! ** **does handstand** **
I guess you could say Caitlyn Jenner is... Transjennered.
What do ghosts give birth to? Boo-bies.
Lawyer Joke Thread Submit your favorite lawyer jokes!
What pen company did Lance Armstrong buy? Uniball
Rock, paper, scissors? -The proctologist removing items from me
What is cookie monsters favorite war? Vietnom nom nom nom
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken Christopher Reeve
I'm not racist because... I'd rather be black, than asian.
hey you guys... ..."homo erectus"
What do you call a sad asparagus? Despairagus =/
why Palestinians have the fastest computers? coz they have RAM-allah
Life without women would be a pain in the ass!
What kind of papers do dogs write? A ruff draft.
"Paintings or it didn't happen." - 1700's-1920
Don't make a scientist mad. They will research you.
What do you call a lost nun? A Roman Catholic
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
TIL the British used U-boats Whoops, wrong sub
Oh honey, you're not pretty enough to be that stupid
#BrexitIn5Words He's just not into EU
To the Chicago Cubs Thanks, you've doomed us all.
What's long, dark, and stinks? The unemployment line.
I only act to support my waitressing career.
Never trust an Atom They make up everything.
What Does an Old Lady's Vagina Taste Like? Depends.
A great pun... is its own reword.
Who Shot JR ? by U Dunnit
A Fat Lady was in a Bikini.
What is long brown and sticky? A poo
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
Knock knock. Who's there? Grandpa. Shit, stop the funeral!!!!!
Where did the ghost go shopping? At the BOO-tique
What company makes the best fireworks? Spacex
Grilled cheeses are the sweatpants of sandwiches.
what was Hitler's favourite drink? mountain dew
The number one cause of teenage pregnancy is sluts.
Are you a magician?? Because you're making my penis levitate.
What does farm animal porn sound like? Brownchickenbrowncow
The cross country athlete disappeared Some think he ran away.
How do you drown a hipster? In the mainstream
What is Mr. T's favorite month? April, fools
What's John Lennon's favorite card game? Yoko Uno
Why was the egg late for work? It ova slept.
The Art of Camouflage by Ruff Buttsex.
Look mom, no meds!
What do you call a nosey pepper? Jalapeno Business
Where did the team get there uniforms? New Jersey
Half life 3
Q: Where do ghosts live? A: At the dead end.
Organic Chemistry... You R-O-R get it, or you don't
Knock knock Shoes there. Must be the invisible man.
Kanye West.
Never trust a Parasol... I hear they can be shady.
I don't stereotype.... I type with one hand.
The worst part of being a pedophile? Fitting in.
Why the java programmer wear glasses? He couldn't C#
I repurposed some lumber. It was ex-siding.
What did the Canadian Reddit user say? Ehhhhh lmao
My biggest fear is racists. And blacks.
what kind of bees make milk? BOOBEES!
Where's a lesbian's favorite place to shop? The Liquor store
What makes perfect sense? The U.S. mint (cents)
Time waits for no man, time is obviously a woman.
TEAM DEATHMATCH Comment if you understand the reference.
Man walks into bar. Says "Ouch!"
I am having an out of money experience.
What's a bartender's favorite book? Tequilla mocking bird.
What did Tennesee?? What Arkansas..
What Do Bernie Sander Supporters Call Their Parents? Roommates
Not so great minds also think alike.
My chess board grew a tumor Thankfully it's B-9
What do you call a pickled female deer? A dilldoe.
What's the shortest book ever written? French War Heroes.
What kind of eye disease do vampires get? Dracular degeneration.
What did Delaware? Idaho. Alaska
Twitter: Where #Hash is legal.
Jokes for and from ESL Teachers
Tape Recording for Beginners by Cass Ette
Who won the Monster Beauty Contest? No one.
What's the rudest kind of elf? A go fuck yours-elf
What do you call a flying jew? Ash
What crime was committed against the coffee? He was mugged.
What did the mathematician use to kill himself? An hypotenuse.
All these illegal immigrants...(xpost) ...have crossed the line!
What is it called when a hacker poops? Logging out
What do you call a religious termite in Hungary? Buddha-pest
Two pretzels were walking down the street... One was assaulted
How do cows measure time? In mooments
If it ain't broke, my children haven't touched it yet.
Why did the reddit mod cross the road? [removed]
What do you call a Mexican Gummy Bear? Delici**OSO**!
A man walked into a bar... I ducked.
I invented a new word... Plagiarism.
Why didn't the clam share his ipod? He was shellfish.
What is a professors favourite snack? Academia Nuts.
Butt weight. There's more!
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
What do you call a drunk dinosaur? A stagger-saurus.
Just dropped my new single it's me i'm single
What did Sushi "A" say to Sushi "B?" Wasabi!
To the guy who invented Zero... Thanks for nothing!
What is the loneliest bayou in Louisiana? Bayou self
How does the Rabbi make his coffee? Hebrews it
Whats the biggest cause of child molestation Sexy kids.
I've been waiting all year to post this this
My dog's name is Karma... ....because Karma is a Bitch!
What's a masturbator's favorite type of weather? Jack-it weather!
How do you get to Carnegie Hall? take a taxi
Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WAAAAAAAAAATAAAAHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
Let's talk about sausage.... Isn't it the wurst?
TWILIGHT: Taking the N' out of "Vampire Fangs", since 2007!
Chalant isn't even a word. Well played nonchalant. Well played.
Your teeth are like the stars Yellow and separated.
What does the horny scientist call a lobotomy? Getting head
Why doesn't 'Murica have any knock-knock jokes? Because Freedom Rings!
What's the number one cause of dry skin? Towels.
I have some great kitchen puns. They're really pantastic.
My love life.
Yo mama so fat.... pickup lines don't work on her.
*Hits rock bottom. *Receives welcome basket from Twitter.
My dick is like an American Too fat, but dangerous.
If your girlfriend starts smoking slow down or apply lubricant
What do you call a Canadian in a blizzard? Cold.
Sex is a misdemeanor. The more I misdemeanor I get.
My wife's so square in bed she has cubic hair
Why dont cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
What did they call the suave printer salesman? Prints Charming
I have an on again off again relationship with clothing.
Whats a retarded person's favorite season? Autismn
China are probably making all the medals anyway.
The day before Rosh Hashanah... can be called adam's eve.
What's black and doesn't work? A quadriplegic chimney sweep.
What is Helen Kellers favorite color? Corduroy.
I'm pretty sure the phrase "sleep tight" originated in prison
Yo momma so homely... Elrond dwells there!
My default emotion is irrational rage.
In Australia, lawsuits are just what lawyers wear to court.
Just thinking. How many MILF'S are now GrandMILF's?
What is Ramsay Bolton's favorite band? Cold Flay
[cocktail party] Me: [swirls brandy] Brandy: PUT ME DOWN
Why do women find Christian Grey so appealing? Beats me.
Haven't listened to Staind since middle school... ...it's been awhile
What do you do to dead chemists? You barium.
Subway wasn't the only thing Jared Fogle was eating fresh
He died doing what he loved smelling things underwater
How does Yo-Yo Ma answer the phone? Cello?
If you steal a Tesla... Does it become an Edison?
How many Kings of Spain abdicated last week? Just Juan
Men have feelings too. For example, sometimes we feel hungry.
See these bags under my eyes? They're Prada.
a goddess makes a six second video da vine
The most I've ever paid for sex.., Is through marriage
You guys want to hear a Milli Vanilli joke?
What do you make with an Avogadro? Guaca-MOL-e
What do you call pickled bread? Dildo
I met a girl with 12 boobs Sounds weird, dozentit
What's snoop dogg's favorite author? Tolkien.
What if there were no hypothetical situations?
2 nazis walk into a bar
What is a dog's favorite camp sport? Woofleball
What's the internal temperature of a Ton-Ton? Lukewarm.
Q: Why was the firewood punished? A: It was knotty.
Life is a highway and I don't have a car
What diploma do criminals get? The third degree.
What do white girls drink from? [OC] Muggs!
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patty O' furniture
What's Mario's favorite type of pants? *DenimDenimDenim*
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WA TAA!!!
What is Donald Trumps favourite rap group? Run-DNC
Check out this article: The
How do you have a party in space? You planet.
Why is there so much segregation today? All Fridays Matter
Your mother's vagina
The joke of 2016 Trump
What do nosey peppers do? They get Jalapeno business!
The NYPD only does no-knock jokes.
I nicknamed my urethra, Franklin.
I have Restless Life Syndrome.
Where do space monsters live? In far distant terror-tory.
Silence is golden but duct tape is silver.
What job can you see yourself doing? Inspecting mirrors
I only chill with professional alcoholics!!!
What's the main religion of most ghosts? Boo dism
I'm in an "open relationship" with eating healthy.
What do you call a blind dinosaur? Doyouthinkhesaurus?
Did the depressed rope maker succeed? Sadly, he did knot.
How many Catholics can you fit in a habit? Nun
What do you call a fake Apple product? An i-phony
E....I...O...U...Y....A ugh, vowel movement. Sorry
*eats one piece of lettuce* *checks for abs*
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND-EEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
Which street fighter is the least amicable? The ryudest one!!
*Removes smoke detector battery **Cooks in silence
How does a metalworker like his Steak cooked? wel-dern
I often use "unnecessary" quotation marks.
Hitler killed... six million Jews...
What's believing in evolution? Apetheism
How do you say "I surrender" in french? "Bonjour"
KNOCK KNOCK.....WHOSE THERE? GESTAPO
How old is Cam Brain? As old as trilobites.
Confucius says Man entering airport door sideways bound to Bangkok
At least I've never taken a picture with an iPad.
Girl, is your name Hoover? Cuz damn!
How do you pay for incense? In cents
On the toilet for 20 minutes. Wish you were here.
Happy Father's Day! You motherfuckers are alright!
What do horny terrorists in airplanes do? High jack.
I took an AP test today Psych.
"your whole family suffers from chronic constipation?!" no shit.
Don't have unprotected phone sex. You might get hearing AIDS
Popup ads are the Jehovah's witnesses of the internet.
Know what I hate more than a hipster? Two hipsters.
What do you call old, expired Neosporin? Paleosporin
What is Donald Trump's favorite Counter Strike map? de_port
What do you call a man with no shins? Tony
What kind of chemical bond is Hispanic? An Ester Bond
I'm Only Here For The Free Food
Never trust an atom... They make up everything!
Never trust an atom... They make up everything.
MY WIFE: [donating blood] ME: That's from both of us
Why was Donald Duck arrested? He was high on quack.
Why don't they have werewolves in Asia? They get eaten.
I use Google Earth to see which yards have milkshakes.
How do you feel when there is no coffee? Depresso.
Talk is cheap. Until you hire a lawyer.
*Baby presses 'snooze' to stay in womb extra 10 minutes*
Why are C programmers just the worst? They're classless.
How does Moses make tea? Hebrews it :D
What is DNA ? The National Dyslexic Association.
You know what always brings me down? Gravity.
Best blonde jokes?
Why did the chicken cross the road? To commit suicide.
What do you call a rooster drawing sh*t? Cock-A-Doodle-Doo
Monday, you deplete me.
it was the busta rhymes, it was the wursta rhymes
What is Hitler's favourite beauty product? Polish Remover
What do you call a black priest? Holy Shit.
I'm never tired. They call me Ironman
I heard the catchiest joke yesterday... Women's softball.
Im probably the best ever at being humble.
How does Robin Williams go thrift shopping? Good Will Hunting
How do Canadians say Milky Way? Milky Eh.... Get it?
Behind closed doors, Rachael Ray prefers the sluttier olive oils.
How do you eat an Indian taco? Lift her gut.
What do you call a Japanese pirate? J-Peg.
Avoid arguments about the toilet seat...use the sink...
What is a Jew's least favorite animal ? A dolphin
Removing the skin of an orange... That's appealing.
My love for you is like gonorrhea... It burns!
Whats the square (root) of a (onion)??? Shallots ^_^
What word has the most letters in it? Postbox.
The GOP debate. What a shitshow.
Baby circumcision [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/DbgAFxp.jpg)
What do you call a pirate's girlfriend? Pirate bae
Free wifi! Why? Was Mr. Wifi wrongfully accused or something?
Hezbollah put out a new Moisturiser... 100% Shi'a butter.
What do pygmy cannibals eat for breakfast? Weedie Bix!!
Whats a fly without wings? A walk
What do you call a French sexual offender? A crepeist.
What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta? Penne (Pen-nay)
Tell the Punchline first. How do you ruin a joke?
First rule of flight club...no penguins.
"I totally nailed that guy" - Roman soldiers
What is a goat's favourite form of comedy? Satyre.
What do you call bees that produce milk? Boo-Bees....
I'm pretty sure I'm a hypochondriac.
Brown Bell What's brown and sounds like a bell? Duuunnnggg
Ever heard of the blind gynecologist? He could read lips
What does a Thesaurus eat for breakfast? A Synonym Roll.
How to clean your keyboard aaaaaaaa'kdnf...........,mnnbcvxeuw8301435555555556789+0 zx,cmmmmmmmmmvnsdbasfkoljfsw
Chivalry isn't dead. He's just sleeping. Right, chivalry? CHIVALRY!?
Once you go black..... You can't get credit
What's the best thing a midget can catch? Air.
Life's a piano and I'm wearing boxing gloves
What's the difference between snowman and snow woman? Snowballs.
What do you call a Mexican firefighter? Jose
Facepalm? Is that FaceTime for blind people?
I'm 100% sure Zebra's didn't earn those things.
I put my pants on just like everyone else: reluctantly.
No thanks, alcohol free mouthwash, my life is depressing enough.
"You have sexy calves." -Pedophile bull
What do you call a well respected slave? A butler.
"Time heals all wounds ;)" - Rattlesnakes
Hillary Clinton is... hilarious.
8/11 Never Forget What? Too Soon?
USDA steak inspector? YEP! Chuck Testa!
Why don't people eat clocks? It's too time consuming.
Why is it called a shampoo.. If it smells good?
What shoes did the pedophile wear? White vans hah
What's Quentin Tarantino's favorite place to visit? http://www.wikifeet.com/
Wanna hear a joke? The broncos
In the Czech Republic abortions are known as cancelled Czechs
My spirit animal is fried chicken
What do frogs deal? Croakaine
My door was not working I couldn't handle it
Why couldn't Bing start a fire? No matches founds
How do people in Nor Cal get around? Hella copters
"Love" means never having to say "I'm scoreless at tennis"
Where do terrorists go for a drink? The Allahu Ak-Bar.
Have you seen how expensive balloons are lately? Bloody inflation.
What did General Patton do on Thanksgiving?  He gave tanks.
What's something that Slaves have and rich people want? Nothing!
Jesus, take the wheel Carlos, take the stereo
What is Jean-Paul Sartre's favorite animal? Lemur.
Why do jews believe in God? Because Isreal.
What do you call Korean soul food? Okra Gangnam Style
What's yellow and smells of bananas? Monkey vomit
I hate suicide bombers... ..... they should just kill themselves
Three guys walked into a bar and stopped
I never picked my nose. I was born with it.
How does Hitler make his coffee? He jews it.
The active ingredient in Red Bull is Chuck Norris's sweat.
Rejected names for lumberjacks: -Woodroberts -Treedaves -Logjeffs -Forestbills -Timberjims
In Soviet Russia... Light turns you on...
I'm not into bestiality but... I do like hot dogs
Are people with googly eyes better at searching for stuff?
What do you call a Latina with varicose veins? Vein-a-swellin'.
How much does a cockney spend on shampoo? Paan ten.
No Job ?? Better Blow-Job than No-Job !
What is a bachelor's favorite fruit? Cantaloupe
What do fat people call the runs? The walks
<---- homeless romantic
How did the Australian make the Olympics? He koala-fied!!!!! Buh-duh-tss
"I invented the cubicle." - Someone hopefully in Hell
Mountains aren't just funny...... .......the are hill areas!!
I've been a huge fan of bandwagons since yesterday.
Want to here a joke? [Something something Irish drunk person]
*doesn't look up from phone* I do
A man walked into a bar. "Ouch"
How does Snoop Dogg keep his canine teeth white?  BLEEEEEE-YATCH!
Three is fore for four. And aft to two too.
"We do not negotiate with Pterodactyls."- President Barack Obamasaurus
What do you call an average Mexican? Nacho average guy
*shoots self in foot* "Damn i like the metaphor better"
what do you call a gay dinosaur? a megasoreass
What's half a joke look like?
What did the botanist say to his assistant "WATER THOSE!"
Never trust an asshole. They're often full of shit. ^^^Sorry
What does a trumpet player use as contraception? His personality.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice
What do you call a grain knife? barleysong
What do you call a sad Ent? Mourning wood.
Which part of an eagle is the hardest? The pecker.
Hyperboles are the most overused thing in the universe.
The handicap parking at the special olympics must be insane
What kind of bees scare neckbeards? Boo-bees.
What's black and steals your change? Vending machines.
What do goats do to get off? They pasturebate
What spice do you find in hell? SINammon (Sorry)
Coffee makes my mornings. But Friday makes my week
What do you cal a wine hangover? The grape depression.
have you ever had Ethiopian food? neither have they!
What's the loudest economic system? CAPITALISM
What do you call a blowjob from a ginger? Redhead
One liner So two law students walk into a bar
Why can't you trust an atom? They make up everything.
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear? A: White Vans.
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
Whats black on top but white on bottom? Rape.
Where can you find baby dwarfs? At a dwarfanage
"Daddy, what does 'autonomous' mean?" "Do your own fucking homework!"
A GoFundMe, so I can buy an avocado.
Sometimes the smartest thing you can do is play dumb.
What do you call an atheist cartoon? Fedora the explorer
So many environmentalists Are very eco centric.
How do you start a hedgehog race? Say "GAH".
Where did Sally go after the explosion? Everywhere
Trying to be less negative but it'll never work.
What do you call two birds in love?  Tweethearts!
What is a gathering of octopus called? Octoposse
You know how to detect procrastinator,
Anybody know any good dirty jokes?
What key won't let you through any doors? A turkey.
What's the difference between art and junk? A plaque.
What's it like never being flaccid? Hard.
My safe word is "insufficient funds".
Orange is the new... most used word on /r/Jokes
MAST JOKES: I was fall from 4th floor http://mastjoks.blogspot.com/2013/01/i-was-fall-from-4th-floor.html#.UQasZ2fq90Q.reddit
How do you make seven even? Take the s off.
I tried ballet, but I never got the pointe.
"Wow, more ABBA. Shocking." -anyone on road trips with me
Where do butt-pirates have sex? The poop deck.
What's colorless and smells sweet? Chloroform SHHHH..
Why don't dairy farmers wear flip flops? Because they lactose.
What time do Lumberjacks take their tea-break? TREE O'clock!
What do you call wifi in space? Mars Bars
What do you call a mouse with no balls? Optical.
71% of all statistics are ... ...made up
Marijuana doesn't kill your brain cells. You're just an idiot.
What do you call a mentally challenged homosexual.? Flame Retarded
A button on my car broke... Its a pressing matter.
[watching House of Cards] where are the cards
what's red and smells like blue paint? red paint
Where do poor meatballs live? In the spaghetto
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk..
Did you guys hear the one-liner about the Monorail?
You've heard of Memes... ..But now there's YouYou's
Want to hear a joke? Bacontaco
I don't believe in peer pressure. Unless my friends do...
What do you call a free gigolo? Pro-boner.
I remember when the History Channel actually played MUSIC!
What was Hitler's favourite video game? Mein Kraft
What did the bee call his military mission? "Operation pollination"
If ball is life, where is the afterlife? Ballhalla
How does Ice-Cube drink his milk? Straight Outta Carton.
Know any good white people jokes?
How to become cool A) Put on sunglasses B)
*Runs 6 miles* *Adds Kenyan to resume*
How to lose an argument with a woman: 1) Argue.
A joke I heard about the greatest story never told
What is the primary job of an alligator? ...make allegations
Old junkies don't die, they just withdraw.
Want to hear a dirty joke? Pigs in the mud.
What is Chuck Norris' "best karate move"?  Pork Chop!
I finally understood handling printers. LOL
*Becomes a black hole* *Only absorbs corndogs*
My wife gives me the speaking treatment.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
Mariah Carey'a New Year's performance. That's it...
Should America Stop Dumping Money Into a Giant Hole? (theOnion)
What did the French stoner say? 80 blaze it
Two peanuts were walking down the alley... One was assaulted
What is a neck beard's favorite country? M'Laysia
10101 = 20 Sorry, I'm a bit high right now.
I went on Reddit once I reg-Reddit
Guess who I saw today? Everyone I looked at.
What do you call a Romanian grocery clerk? Scanthesku
im straight edge i only drink beer and smoke meth
What do you call a deer with no eyes? Dnner
AMA Request: Innocent, uneducated rapist
Why do prison guards use Proactive? To prevent further breakouts.
Pick up artists and garbage men should switch names.
What is a traveler's favorite font? Times New Roamin'!
What do you call someone aroused by shopping? A buysexual
knock knock nice try kiddo, i'm homeless
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
Just imagine Great Britain without tea... Grea Briain
My mother-in-law was diagnosed with cancer... finally.
What is Ahmed Mohamed's favorite band? Dethklok
Want to hear a joke about sodium? Na.
Why didn't British explorers dig latrines? They had pith helmets.
By shear coincidence... ...all these sheep look the same...
25 pumpkins only 90's kids could spice
I can't personally remember an Olympics with better toilet reporting
I have almost 120,000 miles on my office chair.
"Wanna play the Rape Game?" "No" "That's the spirit"
You're like the menstrual cramp and bloating of people.
What can be found in a Judge's freezer? Just ice.
A flashlight is a case for holding dead batteries.
The Patriots winning a Super Bowl without cheating
Your skin looks great do you use concealer? I dab.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
A Segway segway Oh hey, speaking of Segways....
Why can't watermelons get married? Because they cantaloupe!
You know what's funny? My life :(
Women's Rights
Sailors really want to be cool. But they're just naut.
I'm 'confuses systems of measurement' centimetres old.
What do you call an Irish bodyguard? Liam Malone.
ONLY Justin Bieber could make doing drugs look not cool...
"You snooze, you lose." -competitive insomniacs
Wanna hear a joke about Nitric Oxide ? NO
If God made everything... Is God Chinese?
"Stay strong!" I said to my wi-fi signal.
I'm angrier than a waitress forced to sing happy birthday
St-t-t-t-top! Stamm-mm-m-m-mm-m-mer t-t-t-time!
What does a gay horse eat? HAAAAAAAAAY
I hate guitarists... They're so picky.
Donald Trump's Campaign
She's a cosmetologist, bro. Astronaut stuff.
Please stop making 9/11 jokes ... they're very plane.
Wanna hear a secret? I KILLED MUFASA!
Parrot gets around
The road to success is always under construction.
Do cats stutter? No, but they paws. Credit: u/magneticman245
Look ma no friends
What is Rickon Stark's favourite band? One Direction
If life was reddit... I'd still be unpopular
What's the Pope's least favorite human bone? The blasphemur.
Masturbating is wrong in some people's eyes... Also, it burns.
What does the aardvark call his dog? Aard-bark!
I'm a dirty bird. *shits on your windshield*
How often do I see alligators? Ocajunally
Does anyone else's smart phone make periodic ringing noises?
Why do ghosts never age? They use Bootox.
I met my grandmother in Mexico She looked familia.
Love means never having to say youaTMre Canadian.
Why can't Whitney Houston be a pharmacist? She over doses
How does Snoop Dogg keep his shirts so white? BLE-YATCH!
Carbon Dating. What Carbon does when its lonely.
Don't joke.... About hobos because they are just poor.
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his kids? Because he's black.
A tree silently weeping as firemen steal its cat. Again!
Hi, I'm from the American Medical Association! AMA!
What was Beethoven's girlfriend's name? Bae-thoven. I'll^see^myself^out.
To my calendar: Your days are numbered.
You know what would make my cubicle super cute? Fire.
The Insurmountable problem by Major Setback
A Joke without a joke is a big joke
Dear Sir/Madam, Your transgender operation was a partial success.
Wyoming? Why won't you kiss me? Because I'm Cheyenne.
How do lesbians celebrate special occasions? They eat out.
What's a Dragon Ball fan's favourite food? Vegeta-bles
What's another name for an assistant stable cleaner? A co-pile-it!
Can someone give me an arrow? I knee'd it.
What's the main ingredient in mana potions? Caster sugar.
I told my sandwich to "go make me a girlfriend"
What did the picky cow say? Mewww.
Why didn't the lipid ask for water He wasn't carbohydrated
In Soviet Russia, The LSD take you.
Don't trust atoms They make up everything.
What is Chris Brown's favorite drink? Punch!
Wanna know what 80 year old pussy tastes like? DependsTM
What did Pikachu say to Ash Catchem? Pikachu
Why doesn't Hellen Keller play piano? Because she's fucking dead.
What do you call a Poor Stripper? Ugly.
What causes a pilot to cry after sex? ...the [mace](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mace_(spray)
How do you call Kanye West's pizza? Cheezy Jeezy.
I like my woman like my coffe quiet and docile.
What is a Mexicans favourite sport? Cross-Country
What's green and bad for your eyes? An alligator.
I wish there was an observation deck at WalMart.
Why is a T-rex so angry? He can't masturbate.
Why is Hellen Keller bad at driving? Because she's dead.
What does Batman take with his drinks? Just ice
Life is like a hardcore drug. I've taken several.
What do you call retarded cow thighs? Asbergers
If you say "gullible" slowly it sounds just like "orange"
What did the sadist do to the masochist? Nothing.
/R/jokes [Removed]
What do elephants sing at christmas ? Noel-ephants Noel-ephants...
Fathers day... ...the most confusing day in the ghetto.
Feminists won't get this... Anywhere
What's a rabbits' favorite TV show? Hoppy Days.
What's your ring tone? Pinkish with a bit of brown.
Why did the demon get arrested? Posession
New York Sports
Hedgehogs Why can't they just share the hedge?
*tips fedora at a mosquito* m'laria
Why do cows have bells? Because there horns don't work
"I hate burritoes!" -No Juan ever
The police never think its as funny as you do.
Misery loves company. Company: "I have a boyfriend."
I have ebola. AMA
Q: Where do Sith Lords shop? A: At Darth Mall.
In a landslide victory, landslides crush their opponents.
What do you call a cold thief A rob-buurr
What's John Cena's favourite part of the sunset? The CENAry
Why do vegans hate themselves? They are animal products.
What's black and blue and red all over? The dress
What's the most common blood type in Taiwan? Type A.
Where does a mathematician go when he gets hurt? L'Hospital.
Whats long black and stinky? the unemployment line.
Are you a carpenter? Because your fabricating stories!
Two wrongs don't make a right. But 3 lefts do.
Knock Knock Knock knock Who's there? Nobody Nobody who? ...
What's another name for a dictator? A penis potato!
My friend Matt really likes bullfighting. Specifically, Mattadores bullfighting
I really love bikes. I'm a pedalphile.
What followed the dinosaur ? It's tail !
Yesterday my Korean friend died... He was So Yung
My jokes are like my penis make feminists gag
How do you silence an Italian? Cut off his hands
"I have a split personality." ...said Tom, being frank.
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickleback
What do you call a confused Asian person? Disoriental.
Told ya I can time travel!
Always remember.... A mirror never lies.     (Fatty)
What do mexicans cut their pizza with? Little Caesars.
What website do gay guys use for their e-mail? HotMale.com
You know who are great at shadow puppets? Deaf people.
Here's a joke! Obamacare.... I can't afford it.... fml
what do you call a fish with no eye? Fush
An innovative new alternative to ironing your clothes Look shitty
Olympic Rowing ...literally is taking place in sewage.
Do you want to hear a short joke? One second......
What's a mexicans favorite sport? Cross country
What did the nosey pepper do? It got jalepeno business!
What is the most complicated "Your Momma" joke you know?
What drives the hype train? The hyper drive.
What is the unit of power? Yes.
What is DNA The national dyslexic association.
What has seven arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
What's green and eats nuts... Syphilis.
Did you hear about the wooden horse? Wooden poop.
Went from being single to being single like a boss.
You can't have your cake and thigh gap too.
very windy and rainy out today.... THANKS TRUMP
What will Kim Jong-Un name his child? Kim Jong-Deux.
Time travel jokes never get old.
why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? For drizzle
How do epileptics greet people? They shake.
Life is like a box of idiots.
Why do Jewish people have big noses? Air is free....
Trump has no mistresses... He has alternative fucks.
My entry for the shortest joke in the world congress
What do you call graduates from secret society school? Alumniati
Double negatives: A big No No
Confused.com adverts They're kinda confusing
I like my coffee how I like my slaves... FREE
Dark jokes are like food. Not everyone gets it.
Bad advice to a suicidal person Hang in there
What's a racist bakers favourite ingredient? WHITE FLOUR!
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination
Why are fleas never happy? They're in-fur-iated.
What's a drug addict's favorite music genre? Crack rock
quickie or quiche?
A blind man walks into a bar ow.
I think one of my dads might be gay
What's worse than a moron? A lessoff.
Here's a joke for all you mind readers out there...
What's Brian David Mitchell's favorite movie? Get Smart
The rotation of earth Really makes my day.
Beware the SATA of March Much faster than the IDEs
What do you call a dog magician? A Labracadrabador
What do you call a stupid person? stupid
"haha yeah totally" - me to cab drivers
*rolls up sleeves* *gets high on sleeves*
Make someone's day better by not showing up for work
What do you call a lesbian toilet. Gai Waterhouse.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND EYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYEE
Why can't Norwegians tell jokes Timing
Billy Connolly Tells Just About the Funniest Story Ever
I'm no master of suspense, but...
Wanna hear a blonde joke Donald Trump
What is Littlefinger's favorite castle in all of Westeros? Haremhal
What does a pirate from Boston say? Aaahhh.
"Just how drunk are you?" - "French toast"
Do scientists know how Ebola effects white people yet?
Woe, gone. RIP Sir Terry
My Favourite Sweets by Annie Seedball
Every chair is a reclining chair when you're drunk.
Adrian Belew He needed the money.
Hydrogen punched helium... Helium didn't react.
What's the square root of 69? It's 8 something right?
What do you think Mozart is doing right now? Decomposing.
Where do otters come from? Otter Space.
What do you call an angry prostitute? Whoremonal.
whats a frogs favourite type of shoe... open toaded shoes
I think mountains are funny.... they're *hill areas*
What's 2 + Blink 182 46
How do epileptics keep fit? With strobe lights.
What is a berry's favorite farewell? "Acai you later!"
If Trump is the answer.... How stupid is the question?
What do electricians say when they meditate? Ohm...
Why was the atom laughing? Because part tickles.
What was the name of the Antartic terrorist group? ICEis
What's black, white, and red all over? A dead panda!
5 out of 6 scientists feel Russian Roulette is safe
what did the zero say to the eight? nice belt.
Ghetto wet floor sign: Caution, b*tches be trippin...
Everybody who believes in telekinesis raise MY right hand.
What drink do you have on Halloween? Mali-BOO
'I know a black person' - White people
I'm no gynecologist... But I can take a look.
What do you call a bad circumcision? A rip-off
You put the shhh in bullshhhit.
How do triangles communicate? Sin language
NHL Referees
Whats a Mexican's Favorite Sport? Cross Country
Who drives away all his customers ? A taxi driver.
I love to challah at Jewish chicks.
What do Brooklyn and tight jeans have in common? Flatbush.
Which fly captured the ladybird? The dragon-fly.
Just honked at a red light. That doesn't work.
What did the yogi have for breakfast? an lette
I can't believe the queen knighted Mix-a-Lot.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr.Dre
Where do robo-babies come from? From the computerus.
Faberge's Eggs Hey, wife! I've bought the Faberge's eggs. Both...
How do you call Niggeria leaving EU? blackout
What is the most religious unit in electrical engineering? Ohm.
What did the dead magician say? Abra-cadaver
What makes an ISIS joke funny? The execution.
in Heaven you get back all the chapsticks you lost
How do you spell badly? With a broken magic wand.
Man who walk through airport turnstile sideways going to bangkok
bakers trade recipes on a knead-to-know basis
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
Yeah but how do misinformed people feel about it?
What do you call a pissed off german? Sauerkraut
Anal Lube? More like Anal *Noob*
Has a conversation in my head - Cackles with mirth
Whats red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
What does a Mermaid bring to math class? An algae-bra.
"All you need is love." -billionaire musicians
-911 what's your emergency? -People are pronouncing it EX-presso.
What do you call explosive cow vomit? A cud missle!
You heard about Pluto? That's messed up, right?
And they lived apathetically ever after.
I heard diaria is hereditary It runs through your jeans
What's an alcoholic's favourite type of Maths? Swigonometry.
A hamstring is really just Lady Gaga's lingerie.
Maybe it's chicken that tastes like everything.
Abortion is an out of body experience for fetuses
there's a new joke on this subreddit
What's black, white and red all over? Battleship Potemkin.
What's Malcolm X's favorite Mountain Dew flavour? White-out.
Professional wrestler name: Office Max. Signature move: Three Hole Punch.
Who is the scientist's favorite zombie? The schrodinger cat.
What did the homeless man get for christmas? very hungry
"ICE BUCKET CHALLENGE LOL!" -captain of the Titanic
You know what's pretty cool? A cellar :)
Why do only bald people get cancer?
What's Michelle's favourite vegetable? Barackoli (I'm sorry I'll leave now...)
What?s orange and rhymes with parrot? Carrot
Technically, all vehicles are time machines.
How does the Karate Kid pleasure himself? Wax off
Ay gurl, are you a beaver. 'cause dam.
Pretty ironic how there's an active ingredient in marijuana.
What are pillowy breasts made of? mammary foam
I tried running once. But I kept spilling my beer.
I love Reddit You guys are great.
I had a Mayweather joke but,... It ran away.
The world's shortest dirty joke ... Gynecologist found drug stash.
What do Native Americans call vegetarians? Poor hunters
What's Forest Gump's password? 1Forest1
What does Popeye's dick smell like? Olive Oil
Why do jewish men like latinas? Because chicsas are hot!
If she high-five you after sex...marry her on the spot.
What do Mexican's put under their carpet? Underlay
No job is free, even the blowjob!
What do you call a parent named Lee? Apparently
what kind of cookies do atoms eat? Fig neutrons
Whatever I was born in like 10 mangers
What does every woman have in her panties? A career.
If a furry says they're sorry... ...is it an anthropology?
What do you call a sarcastic mountain chain? The Kappalachians.
What was the cat painting A self pawtrait.
I used to have dreams... then I became an insomniac
My teacher touched me Seriously, his lecture was fantastic
What's the key to a Pirate Opera? The High Cs
Without depression what would white people do for a personality
What do you call a prison for gays? Prism
[NSFW] Never look down on someone Unless you're getting head
Where does the CIA buy its groceries? Whole Foods
Try saying "good luck" without sounding sarcastic. Good luck.
What do you call a crazy professor? an academia nut
Who is Cap'n Crunch's superior Officer? General Mills
What do 8 hobbits make? A hobbyte.
How do you summon a wizard taxi? CABRACADABRA!
Keep your friends close and your asthma inhaler closer.
Every cab ride for me is 75% fake laughter.
There's a special place in he'll for autocorrect
At last, a herb related joke It's about thyme
Guess who won't be winning world cup this year? Brazil.
Hey Seattle, wanna win the Superbowl? "No thanks, we'll pass"
Tonight's Democratic debate
My friend is obsessed with navy destroyers He warships them.
Why does Donald Trump take Zanax? For Hispanic attacks.
How do you upset a plumber? Kidnap his princess.
I used to be indecisive... Now I'm not so sure...
My Username
Hipsters came before the chicken and the egg.
In dog beers, I've only had one ...
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened.
Justin Bieber Comedy Roast - 10 Meanest Jokes
What's Gordon Ramsay's favourite movie? It's still fucking Frozen!!!
The problem with political jokes is.. Too many get elected.
ACHOO! Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit.
Wanted: A pack of Polo's, Unopened. In Mint condition
I'm optimistic. My life is only half full of shit.
Knock Knock Who's there?
What do KFC and Tumblr have in common? Transfats
What do you call a three-footed aardvark? A yardvark!
That's not what he meant!
I speak 4 languages: English, Profanity, Sarcasm, and Real shit.
Where does Santa stash his money? In a snowbank.
He died doing what he loved: being alive
What is grey and comes in pints? An elephant!
Earth is indeed bipolar, but it's not a disorder.
"I'd pap that." - Gynecolgist
If cavemen had Twitter we would still not have fire.
Texas. Where the vegan menu item is chicken.
Women are like pianos... if they're not upright, they're grand.
I like my Coffee how i like my women Hot.
My other calendar is a packet of birth control pills.
Photos: World's tallest man meets world's shortest man
Medical problems are the #1 cause of death.
Why are valley girls so odd? They can't even.
The name's Case... Justin Case.
What kind of doctor does a duck visit? A Ducktor.
Whag did one cat say to the other? Meow
What do US Jews call Santa? Sennah.
My favorite alcoholic drink is probably sleep.
How do polish people show gratitude? They say thansk.
What's a nymphomaniac cook's least favourite ingredient? Italian dressing
The Millionaire by Ivor Fortune
Prom tip: DON'T HAVE A BABY
What do you call a gay hipster? A douchefag.
They should have an Academy Award for "Most Acting."
You had me at being a woman.
Why'd the British man cross the ocean? Freedom.
Have you ever noticed how funny observational humor is?
Thank god for nipples. Without it, boobs would be pointless.
You know what really gets my goat? El chupacabra
My superpower is understanding iPhone text typos.
My wife left me *sobs uncontrollably*
How do you take a pig to hospital? By hambulance!
I'm definitely the drunkest person in this ball pit.
Gay horses What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy!!!!
Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?
Where do poor meatballs live? In the spaghetto.
Financial status: Googling "sell kidney"
So what DID the reddit admins said to the mods?
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A licalatapus
What if the Daleks start eating an apple a day
Beer makes me less afraid of clowns.
Who called them "priests" instead of "weapons of mass instruction"?
How does the enthusiastic chef serve his burgers? With relish
My jokes :(
I relate more to "Rice, rice, baby" - because Asian
You're like a fat stump, I'm always falling over you.
When going to a furry convention... Everyone is game.
What's the best part of having kids? Making them.
Forget Netflix and Chill. It's time for IMAX and Climax!
I made a dead body wearing a brassiere disapear. A-bra-cadaver!
What changes faster than technology? Taylor Swifts boyfriend
33, Male, Jerusalem. You?
What do you call a detective novel about eskimos? Whodinuit
the C in CNN stands for cterrible
What do you call a German singalong? Follow the lieder!
Curious about sex
You say tomato I say gross
What's up late and optimistic?
Masking tape never makes a very realistic mask.
What is black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
What's the healthiest cuisine? Vitaminese food.
why is Peter Pan always flying because he neverlands.
How often do i make jokes about chemistry? Periodically.
How does moses make coffee? Hebrews it
Why can't T-Rex's Hi-Five each other? Because they are dead.
What do you call a blind german? A not-see (Nazi).
What do you call a happy prosecutor? Smiles Edgeworth
What do you call a happy Kia owner? An optimast.
The three unwritten rules of life 1. 2. 3.
You've cat to be kitten me right meow.
Remember: What dad really wants is a nap. Really.
I like jokes about Ethiopians They never get old.
I'm so anti-social, my misery loathes company.
I'm not disappointed, I'm just mad
Is toasting with deaf people offensive? Hear hear...
Q: What's the friendliest school? A: Hi school.
What's Lorde's favourite band? Yeah Yeah Yeahs
"There are hot Shingles in your area" - My Doctor
What's hindi for milf? Mumbae
The opposite of Iceland is water water
What's E.T short for? Because he's got small legs
Someone remind Green Day to get up.
So this Ethiopian's eating a lion right... Just kidding
3 unwritten rules of life: 1. 2. 3.
I can't wait for Kim Kardashian to get old
What's hairy and flies through the air? Jonathan Livingstone Gorilla!
Sex! Of course you don't get it.
I had a friend from Ukraine. Now he's from Russia.
Knock knock. Who's there? Beats. Beats who? Beats me.
Her: See ya later alligator! Me: *slithers into swamp*
What's something a gay man can't live without? Water
{Prison Diary Day 7} Nobody is respecting the Swear Jar
Masturbation comes in handy. Literally
I hate insects puns, they really bug me.
Lunch. Meeting. Sure, let's ruin both at once.
What is Spock's Birth Control method Vulcanized Rubber
Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
Ten out of one women is a Russian Nesting Doll
Does California have *any* water? I seriously drought it.
Procrastination is a dish best served eventually.
What do nine out of ten people like? Gang rape.
What has hands but can't clap? Stephen Hawking
Who is Hitler's favourite character in Star Wars? Princess Leiabensraum
What is Apple's favorite song? "Hit the Road Jack"
What kind of cars do jedis drive? A toy-*yoda*
Your mama is so: need some material..
Why is Putin Always early? because hes Russian (rush-en)
*ref blows whistle* Whistle: oh, oh god, wow. Oh geeeze
My relationship status: Waiting for a miracle.
How does Sean Connery shave? CTRL + S
Meanwhile in Soviet Russia... A bar walks into a horse.
Where does a catholic cat go when it dies? Purrrgatory.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef-jerky.
What's 12 inches long and white? Nothing.
Where did Jimmy go after the explosion? Everywhere.
What's Israel favorite martial arts style? Jew-jitsu
I like my coffee like my women. Without a penis.
What's a life without units? Unmeasurable.
How do you call 8 Hobbits? A Hobbyte
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers. 
What do you call a person with.. A phone.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? Noeyedeer.
What do gay horses eat? dick.
What fish only swims at night ? A starfish !
Gay jokes aren't funny Come on guys
What do you call a programmer's testicles? A hackysack.
Knock Knock Who's there? The Pilot. Let me in.
When chemists die, ...do they barium?
Wore camouflage pants once. Still can't find my legs.
What performance enhancing drugs do penguins use? Polaroids
Why can't Kimbo Slice beat Mike Tyson? Because he's dead.
What do get when a ghost picks his nose? Boooooogers!
"I look ridiculous!" --First wolf in sheep's clothing
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff
What is Forrest Gump's password? 1Forest1
Always the barmaid, never the bar.
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy.
Chuck Norris doesn't shower, he only takes blood baths.
Walmart: because going to Target requires a shower.
Name an X-Man that is also a Transformer Bruce Jenner
Man who stand on toilet... High on pot!
Q: What's the abominable snowman's favourite food? A: Spag-yeti.
What do old people smell like? Depends.
What's the internal temperature of a Ton-ton? Lukewarm
Doctor Doctor I'm boiling up! Just simmer down!
Whats brown and rhymes with "Snoop"? Dr. Dre
My nickname for my mother is Hannibal Lecture.
Does anybody know any jokes about salt? Na
What do creationists and neutron stars have in common? Density
Orange is the new white rest are black.
Why don't pirates drive on mountain roads? 'Scurvy
,,,,, chameleon Get it? Hooray!
When Zelda watches porn... ...does she use adult Links?
"SURPRISE!!!!" - Every girl with drawn-on eyebrows.
Baltimore's chief export seems to be artisanal crime narrative.
"Siri, why am I single?" Siri: opens front face camera
How do you annoy a Reddittor? repost
What's a pedo's favorite kind of shoe? White vans
What did the pirate say to his sister? Aye sis
What's a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country
What do you call a ghost detective? An Inspectre
Drunk people are the only honest ones left.
What does a nosy pepper do? Gets jalapeno business!
What's a pet's favorite day?  ...Saint Petrick's Day
Muslim children... The blow up so fast
I had a date last night. Such an underrated fruit.
What does ADA stand for? Dyslexic Association of America
What instrument do Mexicans hate? The TRUMPet.
Want proof advertising works? I just bought a Goodyear blimp.
What if we had an internet and nobody came?
My son was really scared after swallowing some lego.
Awww, look. My middle finger likes you!
What is a skeletons favorite tool? A bonesaw
I just lost my virginity!!!! April fools *sob*
What's the best way to get a redditors attention?
What pier is disliked by almost everybody? Piers Morgan.
Why don't dead people sneeze? Because they're too busy coffin.
Offer: free guitar No strings attached
someone adopt my gpa because i can't raise it myself
How did Hitler become a hero? He killed Hitler.
Butterfly Ass and Other Smells As Told by the Dog
/r/jokes has the most original content on reddit! That's it.
TIFU by posting in the wrong sub Aw crap
What do you call a really shitty nieghbor? Dinkleberry!
Where does the king keep his armies? In his sleevies!
Word on the streets is.... "LOADING ONLY"
Who let the dogs out? Knock knock
Me: I'm done peeing!! Khakis: No you're not.
What is a pirate's favourite letter? Aye.
Today is national Radio day. Do you copy? 10-4
What happens when someone overdoses on Viagra? They die hard.
9/11 jokes arent funny and 2/11 are just plane stupid
What's the craziest type of bread? Banana Nut Bread!
What language does robot Marco run on? Rubio on rails
Don't click this, it's a dick 8===D
Using Latin phrases to sound smart is my modus operandi.
Why engineers are boring
Fade Away by Peter Out
If you ever feel unimportant... Just remember Windows 9
Neutrino Knock Knock Joke Neutrino Knock Knock
A world without women...... Is a pain in the ass
Researchers just found a cure for cancer. Unfortunately, it's Ebola.
Donuts: The sweatpants you can eat.
Que hace el pez cuando esta aburrido? Nada.
What killed the Aztec? A broken heart.
I tried dating a stenographer but she wasn't my type
How do Mongolians practice safe sex? They use a khandom.
Have you ever had sex while camping? Its fucking intence.
Just saw a redhead break his arm. #GingerSnap
Joe's pizzeria and abortion clinic Your loss, our sauce!
"Did you sleep well?" "Like God during the Holocaust."
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
Man and a duck... ...walk into a bar. "ouch" "quack"
Remember when double entry was an accounting term?
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile? Fitting in....
What makes a juice joke so funny? The punchline
Socialist jokes are not funny Unless everyone gets them.
What do you call a dog magician?
How do you build suspense in people?
"I don't even own a slave" - colonial hipster
What language does a flight attendant speak? Plane English.
Go hard or stay average
What cheese is used to block online streaming? Edam
What do you call a liver transplant? A delivery.
I nevur make the same mistake twice. NEVUR.
What do you call someone with no shins? Tony
What's red and orange and looks great on hippies? Napalm
What Google Drive app is reserved for Jews? Google Gasroom
Need an Ark? I Noah guy.
What is Doctor Who's favorite snack? Pop-Tardis
Knock knock. Who's there? Doctor.
What car does Luke Skywalker Drive? a toy-"Yoda"
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Strockin' Off
"Men are pigs" - misandrist &/or world's worst biologist
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
Why do people like bananas? Because they have appeal!
How is education going to make me smarter?
I'm here to make a monthly joke April Fools.
Who made Lewis and Clark's footwear? Sock-a-gawea.
Chuck Norris can hit Mach 3 in his hot-air balloon.
What do Grammar Nazis support? The Third Write
I need Irish jokes, pronto! Just 'cause
Knock Knock can i get about 3.50?
French Army That's it. That's the joke.
What's the leading cause of child molestation? Sexy children
How do Humans Reproduce? A: Sexually B: Sexually C: Sexually
What's red and bad for your teeth? a brick.
How do you say goodbye to a calculus teacher? Calculator!
How do Mexican peanuts tell time? cacawatches
Fat goths are morbidly obese.
Where do people in Detroit get their groceries? They don't.
Pizza will never hurt your feelings.
How does a T-Rex like its meat? RRRRAAAAAWWWWWWW
Have you ever tasted Ethiopian food... Neither have they.
Is light a wave or a particle? Yes
Two drummers walk into a bar... Ba dum tssh.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? fshhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
What is a simile? It's like a metaphor.
What is dementia? I forget
Wanna hear a joke? March 8.
Parachute Jumping by Hugo Furst
Reddit is to socialising ...what a gloryhole is to love.
Why did the Gorilla fail English? He had little Ape-titude!
Can Confirm. It's raining in South Carolina.
Socialist jokes are the best. Everyone gets them.
What was Hitler's amplifier called? Mein Ampf
What is it called when Batman skips church? .....Christian Bale.
What is Donald Trump's favourite music album? The Wall
What idiot called it a vet instead of a dogtor.
Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires.
Why are trains so energetic? They have Conductors.
Putin me on that list.
*Cinderella drops her glass slipper* Prince: I have a girlfriend.
Salad is the decaf of food.
What salad dressing does Macaulay Culkin prefer? Neverland Ranch.
Women are like grapefruit trees. They ignore me.
When do terrorists go to bed? 9:11pm
SUPER FUNNY NSA JOKE!!! [deleted]
What is a Mexican astronomer's favorite food? A Quasar-dilla.
Fact. The average man thinks about sex every tits seconds.
There's nothing more deceitful than the word "booby trap".
Chuck Norris is the reason for JAL flight 123
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patio furniture.
What's a racist's favorite dessert? Cake Cake Cake
Little known fact: Impotent men watch soft porn.
At Starbucks I order under the name Godot. Then leave.
I'm not John Madden, just John Disappointeden.
What type of bagel can fly? A plain bagel
1,058,675,954,897 base-36 That is all.
Where does Wonder Woman buy all her stuff? Amazon.
Why are terrorists eco-friendly? They're biodegradable.
What's black and runny? Usain Bolt.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis.
Chicken Pot Pie sounds like a delicious 3 course meal.
Want to hear a two word joke? Woman's rights.
What do hip pigs call their ladies? Fine swine.
An elderly man was quite unhappy
What's long, brown, and sticky? A stick
What do you call a homosexual weight lifter? Trap Queen
Dark humor is like food. Not everybody gets it.
Your mama's so stupid She killed herself for life insurance
Where does a russian bird sleep? IN A COMMU-NEST
My Girlfriend
You know whats sad? A depressed onion cutting itself.
Bunny Farts What's invisible and smells like carrots?
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? snow balls
What is a Jewish dilemma ? Free ham.
How does Luke Skywalker get through the forest? Ewoks
I'll bet Petr Pan lives in Nether Netherland.
NASA finally completes plan to colonise moon. M:O:O:N
What is the opposite of /r/upliftingnews? /r/news
Mary had a little lamb. The doctor fainted.
Eating noodles while studying for a test? That's so Ramen.
Who is your favorite X-Man? Mine is Bruce Jenner
What does a frenchman call a lesiban threesome? Tres bien
What's the opposite of a gay bar? An allahu akbar.
2 men walk into a bar One says ouch!
When is the month when the most trees fall? Sep-timber
Just read a book on Helium. Couldn't put it down.
Sesame Street didn't prepare me for any of this bullshit.
Condoms... Are for pussies.
Bible thumpers... Are all the Psalm.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple? Hitler.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
Is there any Indian left? No, there's naan left.
What do you call Bono's stupid brother? Duno...
Two dyslexics walk into a bra
Mason jars are the skinny jeans of glasses.
I invented a new word Plagiarism
Rabbits... Rabbits bang like there's no fucking tomorrow.
What's an archaeologist? Someone whose career is in ruins.
So how was the tourettes convention? SHIT
I'm not a racist. I can't even run.
Which web developer enjoys finding bugs? A spider!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He Neverlands
I'm a giver. *gives you a hard time*
A good pickup line is "I have a phone charger."
What is Link's favorite hotel? Hyaaaaatt!
I turn 39 years old today. But they're Canadian years.
My favorite exercise after a heavy meal is regret.
I walked into a disabled toilet It was autistic
Australians don't have sex They mate
What was Jesus favorite games? Hangman and lacrosse
how come there aren't more babies named Pizza
I wish I could crowd surf to work.
"YOLNT" -Cats
If life gives you melons... you're probably dyslexic.
Which type of bees make milk? Boo-bees
"Mary had a little lamb. had." -wolf
What do ducks do at Christmas time? They duckerate cookies.
Did you hear about the new emo website? www.emo.com/wrists
What do you call 6.022*10^23 butts? Molasses
Yo mama's so ugly Even her dildo went limp.
Black names Once you've heard one, you've heard Jamal.
Oh my god Becky look at her roast beef sandwich
Johnny Depp would have made an excellent Catwoman.
I got a new clock at IED.com
Stars! They're just like us! Gaseous and dying
What concert costs 45 cents? 50 cent, featuring nickelback
How do mermaids have sex? They mermate
So I tried catching some fog today... I mist.
What is green and sings? Elvis Parsley
Nice try traffic, but I'm not murdering anyone today.
My Altima's name is Liam Nissan
Children are demo versions of humans.
MySpace just bought a pack of Ramen noodles.
"Do drugs!!" - Reverse psychology drug prevention program
Is it just me... or are circles pointless?
A hard worker got a promotion. Thats the joke.
what do you call a magical dog? A Labracadabrador.
its 2013 and mcdonalds still doesnt serve breakfast all day
Oxygen and Magnesium are going out OMg!!
What does an LGBT rabbi call a blessing? a brucea
What kind of computer sings? A Dell
Looks like Putin is having Turkey for Thanksgiving aff
What trees do skeletons like? S*pine* trees!
You ever seen a Polish trailer? And..here we are.
The difference between an alcoholic and a drunk is staggering.
I never date left handed women Righty Tighty Lefty Loosey
I'm so single, the variables I declare are double.
I don't see enough dead people.
What type of bonds deals with the bad guys? James
Your parents brought you up! Don't bring them down.
What's the best joke you've heard
What's the American settler's spirit animal? The groundhog.
What do you call it when Hitler pees? Fuhrenating.
Two snares and a cymbal walk off a cliff. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zXDo4dL7SU
What do you call a fast zombie? A zoombie
Jim Henson's first job was operating The Godfather logo.
What do you call a nun in a wheelchair?
What cow produces milk and potatoes Your mother.
Why is it so cold at Christmas? It's in Decembrrrrr.
A seal walks in to a club... haha
Dogs were the first social justice warriors They hate mailmen.
When is your door annoying? When it'sa Jar-Jar.
life is like a box of chocolates: it kills dogs
I'm gonna sell my vacuum cleaner. It's just collecting dust
What kind of fish loves to fix instruments? A tuna.
Q: How old is Tyrion Lannister? A: Peter Dinkl-age
How does Sean Connery shave? Control + S
What's concurrency? Fake money they use in prisons.
What does a radical sheep say? Allahu Ak-Baa!
Oedipus apartment complex Attractive like your mom
I look like Danny DeVito's sloppy seconds.
French pastries are scary They give me the crepes.
Why was the calendar nervous? It's days were numbered!
What's Master P's favorite fruit? Uhh' banananaaaaaa
What language do bees speak? The beesnese
The people of Pompeii... Mannequin challenge champions since 79AD
People who joke about cancer... Have no sense of Tumor
*licks ice cream cone Cone: I have a boyfriend.
When does Sean Connery enjoy playing his favorite sport? Ten-ish.
How to Tie a Noose by Sue E. Side
Companies should use chromosomes in advertising Because sex cells.
Why do pirates prefer black women? They love booty.
What noise does a Russian Sheep make? It Blyats.
Q: Did you hear the watermelon joke? A: It's pitful.
Godzilla vs. A Floor Scattered With Legos
What do you call a smart gay chemist? A homogeneous
I'm not a psycoanalyst... but I metacrazy once.
I like my coffee like I like my slaves Free
Warring nations should hurl their politicians at each other.
How much free space does Europe have ? 1 GB.
What's a killer whale's favorite pasta? Penguini
So a baby seal walks into a club Ba-dum-tssss
I put a chameleon on a red dildo... He blushed.
When I grow up, I want to be a gif.
When a clown farts.. Does it smell funny?
I'm always suspicious of stairs. They're usually up to something.
"Children, stop biting grandpa's nails... ...or I'll close the coffin!"
"LOL, NOPE" -Me, 25 seconds into the marathon
Where are chocolate coins made? At the Chocolate Mint.
What has two legs and two legs Dog
Why shouldn't you have sex with Linux users? Open sores.
Quentin Tarantino + Johnny Depp = Rango Django
Ask Me If I'm A Tomato
What is Cthulhu's favorite cookbook? The NecroNomNomNom!
What do you call a car without a hood? Circumcised
This is why I drink. - Me, doing anything sober.
What's an emo's favourite laptop? A "Razer Blade"
What's a computer's favourite snack? Fried cache-ews.
What's Hitlers favorite video game? Space Invaders
Current fitness level: arm is tired from brushing teeth.
It should be called stay your crazy ass home Friday...
Congratulations on passing your test! You have HIV!
Here is my period story Period. End of story.
What do you call an emo vegetable? A despair-agus
How does a Mathematician hang them selves? With a hypotenuse.
What's big and gray and comes in quarts? An elephant
A comma is just a period with a mullet.
Canada has seasons: Almost winter, winter, still winter, and construction.
Fox news host reacts to Caitlyn Jenner ... http://i.imgur.com/1ALkAky.gifv
Who brew in the jewish house down the street? Hebrew.
Chuck Norris' prostate has eaten dozens of doctor's middle fingers.
what fabric softener do Special Ed kids use? Downy
I HATE PEOPLE!! but i love women
"Update Adobe or we'll kill you"-flash mob
What's Pamela Andersons favorite soda? Hepsi!
What do they call cunnilingis in India? A punjob.
When Jesus makes tea. Hebrews.
Bond. Bail Bond.
How do blondes like their eggs? Unfertilized
Time flies when you throw clocks.
'Siri, am I an alcoholic?', I whisper into my burrito.
Only 90's kids will remember this! *plays outside*
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
Women are from Venus, men are wrong.
What is an adulterers favorite snack? Cheetos.
Does the circle of life... become a sphere in 3D?
"Talk to the hand!" - deaf people
Friday is just Monday with tits.
People should look like their personalities.
How much does automail cost? An arm and a leg.
What do ghosts serve for dessert? I Scream.
Where does a sad chemist find employment? At an apathycary!
Everyone: Why don't you have kids? *points to dead cactus*
What's the difference between pussy and parsley? Nobody eats parsley.
Are you a great at fishing? So you're a Mastur"bait"er
I hate being Bipolar... It's awesome.
What's a gambler's favorite time of day? 10 to 1.
Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it  sounds?
A married man walks into a bar
How many people died on the Titanic? A boatload.
What did the cannibal order at the bakery? Cinnamon buns.
Children are like farts... ...You can only tolerate your owns
I would tell you a gay joke... Butt fuck it
FACT: The internet was invented to globalize complaining.
What do you call a sheep without legs? A cloud.
Vacuuming My vacuum cleaner sucks!
Worst joke:joker said I'm not a joker
RIP boiling water You will be mist.
What does a hooker get from Santa? 50 bucks
Who's paying for Trump's wall? EveryJuan
What happens when Captain America drinks water? He becomes hydrated.
Don't forget about bald guys living vicariously through their beards.
Who Killed Cap'n Crunch ? A serial killer.
Guaranteed weight loss! Stop eating!
What do gay horses eat? Horse penis
I'm often self-deprecating... But I'm not very good at it.
What makes a good joke timing. ...
How do you call your gay friend With a homophone
mL m^3 gallons quart barrel This post speaks volumes.
Which is the most silky planet? Satin!
Kanye running for president.
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? Inertia.
Whats the difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted
What do you call a really fast seamstress? Tailor Swift
How do fireflies lose weight? They burn calories.
"Let's just kill ALL the characters" -Game of Thrones
What's gray and comes in quarts? Elephants.
What do you call a penis potato? A dictator!
What kind of meat does the Pope eat? Nun
Mules... are SO half-assed.
Why does the moon have no hair? because it's waxing
Where does Vladimir keep his shit? In a Putin
Which cheeseburger makes a big hit in baseball? A double!
What do you call a Muslim abortion clinic? counter terrorism
Here's a funny joke... Civil Forfeiture.
What's a frogs favourite flower ? A croakus !
Why go to college? There's Google.
Dolphins are just Sharks who watch Glee.
What is Jabba the Hut's middle name? the
Today I fucked up Now she's pregnant :/
Sometimes instagram almost makes me wish I went outside.
What's a hippies favourite food? Peas, man.
Girl, if you were a dinosaur, you'd be a Gorgeousaurus
What do you call a constipated vegan? A grasshole.
What was Jesus' favorite sport? Crossfitting.
How do you date a ghost? You 'WOOOO' him!
How do Icelandic dogs bark? Bjork Bjork
Sign language is pretty handy.
I have just endorsed Andy Murray on LinkedIn for tennis.
If Jesus had 4 arms He could have escaped
What do you call a philosophical priest? A deep friar
Where does Stevie Wonder park his car? In blind spots.
Nickelback jokes are the Nickelback of jokes.
*skips away in terror
What is Jamaica's favorite male bird? The mongoose.
I couldn't be a Step-Father. I don't drink enough.
Dating is easy. You just *goes into fetal position*
Croissants are just biscuits that studied abroad.
Wanna hear a potassium joke? K
[VIDEO] John Oliver Agrees With You For 22 Minutes
How do boats apologise? S**oar**ry!
Why doesn't God like grapefruit? Because he doesn't fucking exist.
What's green, slimy, and smells like pork? Kermit's dick.
What did father bee say to his rebelling son? Beehive!
Guys, don't tell 9/11 jokes. They're just plane wrong
What do they call divorce in India? Re-arranged marriage
"When in doubt, puke up some clear, sticky fluid." -Cats
American Horror Story: Public Restroom
Bob Marley in Saudi Arabia I Shot The Sharif
I'm smart but not "know when to stop eating" smart.
Just bought a new disposable razor. Or a spaceship.
What Do You Call A Dead Redditor? [REMOVED]
They say women only use 10% of their anger
I'm famous people used to have talent years old.
5Q + 5Q =? You're welcome
What is a mosquito's favourite sport ? Skin-diving !
Making the Most of Life by Maxie Mumm
Vagina jokes aren't funny. Period.
My life The biggest joke of all.
Why did the duck go to jail? For smoking quack!
Why/How do bakers work? They knead the dough.
Definition of laziness:
What was left after Pavarotti passed away? 20
A good pun is its groan reward!
What do you call a rooster from China? Caucasian
What is a ferret funeral? Serious business
A cat walked in to a cobblers.. ..SHOE!
"Beep." Zebra walking past a self service checkout.
What do bees chew ? Bumble gum !
My dad died of the big C... He drowned.
I told a chem joke today... There was no reaction.
Why are octopuses so dangerous? Because they TENTACLE.
Why do trees have so many friends? They branch out
Your posts make me wish I couldn't read.
whoever named anteaters, solid effort right there
This Subreddit
Why did the computer crash? It had a bad driver
What do you call an army of lesbians? Militia Etheridge
What did 0 say to 8? hey, nice belt!
Jesus saves... ...everyone else takes full damage.
If God is a woman, then why aren't we sandwiches?
Where does the president keep his armies? in his sleevies!!!
Entropy.... Enjoy it while it lasts!
9/11 was an inside job "But the planes were outside!"
Why did Vladimir fall off his bike? He was rushin
I went to the paralympics Came away with atrophy wife
Hate being fat. Love eating food.
Jogging but instead lying in bed with your eyes shut.
YOU WANNA PIECE OF THIS!?!?! ~me, aggressively handing out cake
I find puns about bones to be... quite Humerus!
www.reddit.com See Above.
What do you call dangerous precipitation? A rain of terror.
A Hispanic photon walks into a bar No mas
Chuck Norris is so awesome... He counted to infinity, twice.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo Drizzle.
What makes an elderly millionaire bachelor more attractive? Terminal illness.
Nobody cares about Nihilism. The punchline.
How does the Apothecary make his wife orgasm? Elixir
*gains winter weight for "insulation" *is now fat and cold
take me down to the paraphrase city where it's nice
Passwords: Outlook- work1234 Aol- kidsnames home alarm- anniversary Twitter- supercalifragilist{middlename}espialido{graduationyear}cious
I'll tell you what I know about dwarves Very little
Why didn't the melon get married? Because it can't elope.
What is the only deaf animal? Def Leppard
What are twins favorite fruits? Pears
Two guys walked into a bar... They didn't see it.
How did the sad mathematician kill himself? With a hypotenuse
Are you 9/11, Gurl? Cuz I would never forget you.
Seven days without a pun makes one weak.
What's Hitlers least favorite planet? Jewpiter.
Whats the difference between pink and purple??? Your grip!!!
He's a few clowns short of a circus. 
Whitney Houston's last hit was ... off a crack pipe.
Did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
When is 100 less than 99? On a microwave.
Biggest Jewish Dilemma? Free Bacon!!
I like my panties like I like my bass... Dropped
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalottapus.
Who is the king of the pencil case? The ruler
[Dirty] How does Leia spend Father's Day? Riding Solo
I've just been diagnosed with Sausagephobia... ...I fear the Wurst.
Why does Pinocchio tell lies? Because he's a fucking liar.
Two in one people are Siamese.
The Nietzsche Family Circus random generator
What do you call a former lacrosse player? Ex Lax.
Why didn't they use Black Phosphorous? It doesn't work.
i like my women like i like my coffee silent
It's common knowledge talking shit will result in dental work.
I used to be schizophrenic. But we're OK now.
Yo mommas so old... She sees Dr. Grant.
What do you call an ass on steroids? Assteroid.
Why did the orgy fail? No one came.
Two lawyers walk into a bar Exam
I was going to make a gay joke Butt-fuck it.
what do you call a fake noodle? an impasta
I like my slaves like I like my coffee: Free.
What is Donald Trump's favorite Christmas song? White Christmas.
They said when pigs fly.. But the swine already flu
Definition of circlejerk circlejerk: What comes around goes around.
I bet black unicorns have the biggest horns.
Twinkle twinkle little hoe, name a guy you didn't blow.
What has two heads and six legs? Nirvana
What actor touches every girl on set? David Cop-a-feel
Wanna read the worst joke ever? The worst joke ever.
What kind of dog can turn on your car? Yorkies
Why ed has no girlfriend? Cz sheeran
What was the scary guy on Tinder doing? Intimidating others.
What did Mozart tell the terminator I'll be Bach
Making popcorn for these Facebook movies.
ISIS vs North Korea. Who would win? everyone
Yesterday, someone tickled my bone... ...It wasnt Humerus
My dog died... It's hair pink
First sign of your mother not loving you? Abortion.
Jokes About German Sausages They're the wurst.
What do you call a West African cricketer? Ebola
White Boards are... Remarkable.
What's something you can drive, but also throw? A Fit!!!!!!!!!!
Just got confessed to today... Congratulation Just!
nothing saves money like being antisocial
Where do muslim terrorists go when they die? INTO BUILDINGS
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because he's homophobic.
Oh heres a good joke my life
My ex is fat!!! Yay...I win!!!
Pussy. That's it. Don't get it? No worries, me either.
A gorilla walks into a bar Holy shit run!
Dark humor is like food... not everybody gets it.
Why was the steel angry? Because it lost it's temper.
*sends back food because instagram down*
What name is given to the most chickens ? pEGGy
Dr Heimlich died today I'm all choked up
What do you call a made-up orange? Pulp Fiction!
Have you seen www.amnesia.com? Sorry I just can't remember.
Pants are for people with something to hide.
Dog for sale Eats everything. Loves kids.
What is brown and bad for teeth? A brick.
I hate being bipolar... It's great!
What do Jewish pirates wear? YARRRRMULKES.
Where does the army keep fish? In a tank.
Republicans say "Merry Christmas!"  Democrats say "Happy Holidays!"
How'd you sleep last night? Like God during the holocaust.
What's Sad About Lunch in Ethiopia? There is no lunch.
For sale, homeless man. Still in box
Deez Nutz GOTEM!
Arwen and Elrond https://i.imgur.com/meGn3q2.jpg
What does a Jewish cat say at weddings? Meowzel tov
Facebook: Hate people you've met. Twitter: Love people you haven't.
[in a mosh pit] why is everyone so upset
2016 Denial 2017 Anger 2018 Bargaining 2019 Depression 2020 Acceptance
What do you call a colored man ? A Hueman
How do metal guitarists handle their expensive instruments? Very Djently.
How did one Brain apologise to the other? I'm cerebro
What is JigSaw's favorite genre of music? Trap
What kind of Bees make milk? Boobies.
Ricky Martin: Livin' la vida homo.
Everyone please stop doing crimes because sirens are too noisy.
The name's Bondjamesbond. James Bondjamesbond.
I've found a place with 90% recycling rate r/jokes
What does seven days without exercise make? One weak!
How do you keep a man in suspense?
I like my women like i like my coffee... Bitter.
An Irish man walks out of a bar hahaha
if ur mom kisses the dog he becomes ur dad
What did the existential pig say? What ham I?
If you didn't get caught did you really do it?
You're not sure  outrun and make sure.
A bunch of Greeks queued up in a line...
Believe what a plumber says They've seen some shit.
How does Hitler tie his shoes? With little Nazis
Destroying the Death Star was a terrorist act. Allah Ackbar!!!!!
Want to hear a joke about coffee? Decaf.
What childhood game are orphans not aloud to play? House.
Is bb-8 hungry? No, BB-8.
The worst puns are hot dog puns.
what are your hobbies? Mmm... Sam, Bilbo and Frodo.
The Exorcist was probably the worst workout video ever.
I was researching facts about euthanasia... They're extremely malnourished
Dominos pizza delivery cars should be allowed to use sirens.
So a baby seal walked into a club
What did Donald Trump do in Musical theatre? ^^^(jazz-hands)
What do you call a watchful potato? A spectater.
How dwarfs have sex ? Little by little !
Which horse runs the city? The mare, of course
I put the 'c**k' in 'puts c**k in anything'.
What do you call Santa without toys? A lost Clause
What instrument was the predecessor to the tuba? The oneba
What makes you special? My extra chromosome.
How does a Jew greet their friends? "Challah!"
*interrogating a baby* "Any first words?"
TIFU by getting arrested for taking a clock to school
Dark comedy is like food Not everyone gets it.
What's the opposite of a mango? Mancome
Nazi jokes... Just aren't Reich.
"The toilet is overflowing." -Sir Isaac Newton
Hey! There's no need for name calling... ... You cunt.
You shouldn't eat Xmas decorations You will get tinselitis
"Do you have this in beige?" - old people
Knock Knock Who's there? Interrupting cow. Interupti--- MOO!
It's true what they say: shut up.
What is Shrek's most annoying problem? Swamp Ass.
[on a speed date] USUALLY I PREFER COCAINE BUT WOW
What kind of money do snowmen use? Iced  lolly.
Birth Control? Don't kid yourself.
Origami is Japanese for, "we haven't invented scissors yet"
Where was the first chicken fried? In Greece.
F*&amp;%. I keep forgetting the Titans
What's E.T. short for? Because he has wee legs
I can't stand people who curse. Fucking disgraceful.
What do you call a gorilla in water? Harambait.
What did Black-Della wear? Whatever her Massa chooses.
Why do women love Jordan Spieth? Because he came second.
What's a plumber's least favorite type of shoe? Clogs.
Hedgehogs... Why can't they just share the hedge?
Merry Christmas to everyone tomorrow... ....Today, fuck you.
Paul walkers new movie.. The flat and the furious.
Where do bees go to the bathroom? The BP station.
What is a suicide bomber's biggest fear? Dying alone.
Why does Snoop carry an umbrella? For drizzle.
How do you tell a Communist joke? Repeatedly.
How do you make the Reddit front page? (Repost)
Why can't tampons be friends? They're all stuck-up cunts.
How much space is left in EU? 1 GB
What do you call a smart blonde? A mircale
Why is Six afraid of Seven? Porque Siete ocho Nueve!
Where do ghosts mail their letters? At the ghost office.
I fucking hate gravity It keeps pulling me down
Why can't Two-Face kill Batman? Because he's two Dents.
Programming "Knock, knock." "Who's there?" very long pause.... "Java." :)
If someone tweets in the bathroom they are live streaming.
What do you call a camel with three humps? Pregnant.
'I HATE drama!' -Dramatic people
Donuts aren't actually nuts... ...they're legumes.
What's blue and tacky? Smurf shit
What do you call someone who designs playgrounds? A Park-itect
What do you call a crappy joke on /r/Jokes? sub-standard.
When I get naked my shower gets turned on.
Phones are getting smarter and thinner. People, not so much.
What has six eyes but can't see? Three blind mice.
What's better than double-fisting a newborn? HADOUKEN!!!
Vaccine to cooties 4chan
What did Adele's chicken say? Hello from the other side...
A Magician's 3rd trick is usually a Hat-Trick.
; TL;DR - ,
Steve would be a terrible name for a pegasus.
What is a burp? A fart taking the elevator.
Why can't Michael Jackson play chess? Because he's dead.
What is white, floats, and says "Boo"? A ghost boat.
How does Bob Marley like his donuts? With Jammin'.
How does Hitler tie his shoesies? With little nazis.
Friday. My second favorite F word.
put this tweet on the news
Why don't ghosts play sports? Boo!
Politics is like a game of rock-paper-scissors. Gun beats everything.
"I'm not a big horse person" - a lying centaur
"I'd hit that!" -Helpful blackjack dealer
Need an ark? I Noah guy
Where does Dracula buy his writing supplies? Pencilvania.
Whats long, hard, and full of semen? A submarine.
Why Are Cats Bad Debaters? Because they're always pussyfooting!
Hitler wasn't all that bad, He killed Hitler.
Another tasteless joke about Alzheimer's? Forget it.
Did you hear about the kidnapping? He woke up.
Did you hear about the kidnapping? He woke up!
You're about as unique as a Bob Marley poster.
Just saw a grasshopper jump on cement. THEY'RE EVOLVING.
My car's GPS has learned to say "Your other left."
What do you call an all black sorority? A minority
I scream, you scream, we all scream for gelato.
Who is Ric Flair's favorite director? John WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
What's red, white, and black all over? a newspaper
A word is worth 1/1000th of a picture.
Girlfriend: No, you hang up... Me: (click)
What do you call an old parallelogram? A parrallelo-gran
What do you call a wandering cave man? A meanderthal.
What's the password to Forest Gumps laptop? 1forest1
"Your GPA last semester was a 4.0" \- Steve Harvey
McDonalds will always have a place in my heart.
Why is depressed clothing so convenient? It hangs itself
It's spooky how many kids look like their owners.
How does every racist joke start? [looks over both shoulders]....
Top ten snappy comebacks for nosy people This is great!
Paramedics When one medic just isn't enough
Who is the most famous French ant ? Napoleant !
If your mouse doesn't work, what is it? Unemployed.
What is a racists favorite Disney film? 101 Damn'Asians.
What is the most racist joke you know?
Grapes for breakfast it is! Beautiful, fermented, aged, liquified grapes.
Are trees really necessary? They seem kind of arbor-trary.
I came up with a new word yesterday: Plagiarism
Wanna hear a joke about Sodium Hybromite? NaBrO
Why is Darth Vader black? Because he left his son.
Why was the sand wet? Because the sea weed
Ever hear that one about a jackhammer? It's groundbreaking.
I hate being bipolar. It's awesome
How did the dog make anti-freeze? He stole her blanket.
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite Justin Timberlake song? Crimea river
Kids: Your homework is being graded by someone who's buzzed.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Never trust an Adam... ...because they make up everything.
How much does a hipster weigh? An *instagram*
A cauliflower is a plant explosion in extremely slow motion.
A Nazi walks into a BAR... Browning automatic rifle
What is Michael Bay's favorite phone? Note 7
Why did the chicken cross the road? CluckBait.
What's a riot? Three dyslexics.
My wife was cremated after her death. And during.
What is long and black? The unemployment line.
What did the Triceratops sit on? Its Tricerabottom.
What did the hamburger name his daughter? Patty
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
I don't like piggy banks.. I'm afraid of change!
My drug dealer is hilarious... he cracks me up
The Greatest Party by Maud D. Merrier
Cats are about as useful as a football bat.
Wanna read a joke about procrastination? I'll type it later.
What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe? 400 Million Dollars.
I honked at the funeral procession out of SUPPORT
How do you kill a vampire baby? Stake and shake
"I just can't help myself!" paramedic on his deathbed
Why Didn't Batman Go To Church? Because of Christian Bail
knock knock YOU: who's there ME: I eat mop YOU:______
What's white and ten inches long? Nothing.
What is the photographer's favorite car? Ford Focus
Smart White Boy OPTIONAL (text)
What's a catholic's favourite type of car? A convertible.
There is nothing funny about menstruation jokes... Period.
Rocks think evolution is bullshit.
Magneto spent his high school years dating girls with braces.
Why did the melon have commitment issues? Because he cantaloupe
What is afraid of pussy? Mice, what else?
How do Chinese people laugh? LMAO ZEDONG!
Why isn't Hungary's capital city called "Very"
Why do strippers hate roofers? They always pay in shingles.
I invented a new word Repost
My Czech mate is surprisingly bad at chess.
Why can't Helen Keller drive? Because she's a woman.
Grow Your Own Vegetables by Rosa  Carrotts
A math joke I'll tell you in a 1/cos
Who would kick The Rock's ass in a fight? Paper.
I have sexdaily I mean dyslexia, fcuk
Do you have a turn down? Turn down for what?
Analogies are like masturbation I'm finishing both right now.
What is Drake's favorite type of alcohol? Cripple Sec
Sorry I yelled, "HAIL SATAN" at your baby's baptism.
Why can't animals take tests? Too many cheetahs!!!!
What's E.T. short for? His legs are small.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck!
When is paint free? When it's on the house.
[interrupts history professor] THAT HAPPENED ON MY BIRTHDAY
Made reservations. For the grinandbearit.
What did the sexy Japanese food say? Miso horny
If a clown farts... ... does it smell funny?
What is a doctor's most important quality? Patience!
TLC Touching Little Children
Where do the Baltimore Ravens sit? On The Wire.
Every KFC meal comes with a large side of regret.
I wish your vagina had a "clear history" button.
Why didn't the grizzly bear dissolve? Because he wasn't polar
What does a ghost wear when it's raining? boooooooooooooots
What is big, black, and very long? A black hole
Who invented fractions? Henry the 1/8
What do you call Batman skipping church? Christian Bail.
Why is North Korea so lame? It's got no Seoul.
I successfully said "Worcestershire sauce" today!
What's a pilots favourite artist? David Boeing.
Where did Mary go after the explosion? Everywhere.
There's no wrong answer until you answer differently than me.
Knock, Knock Who's There? Lettuce Lettuce Who? Let us out.
What's a pirate's favorite fast food restaurant? ARRRby's
So I have this black friend. ... just kidding.
I still struggle daily with how Ed Hardy happened
What do you call a fish with no eyes? FSH!
How did David Copperfield get HIV? From doing Magic.
These ebola jokes are terrible! They're making my eyes bleed
YOLOUYAB You Only Live Once Unless You're A Buddist
Can you repeat the part after "Listen very carefully"?
Trump's plan for global warming: nuclear winter.
The best part of being married with kids is.....is.....umm.....Yeah.
Clowns divorce. Custardy battle.
Have you ever thought about dying instantly? couldn't hurt.
Yogi Berra He lived his whole life.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I can't rhyme Refrigerator
Satan is so gay!
How does a cricket know if his joke has bombed?
Scottage Cheese
Hey does anyone know how to spell antidisestablishmentarianism?
Die Hard VIII: Die Even More Harder: Mostest Harderest.
What's your New Year's resolution? Mines is still 1920x1080, unfortunately.
It's a good thing Aquaman isn't black Shortest...comic book...ever!
What is a priest's favorite snack? Little boysenberries.
What's the difference between Obama and Osama? O(b-s)ma^2
A Muslim walks into the U.S Just kidding
Enough with the gay jokes Come on guys
If "Pizza?" is the question, "Pizza!" is the answer.
12 year old girls are an untapped market.
Jokes about the USA? Let's see them!
Camping for your honeymoon Is fucking intents
Did someone died? No, but it's still early.
Have you tried just Photoshopping her into your life?
I'm great in bed I can sleep alllll night
What do you call a wookie in concentration camp? Jewbacca
The Ugly Hag by Ida Face
I envy how comfortable Waldo always seems in large crowds.
Do infants enjoy infantry... as much as adults enjoy adultery?
Why was the web server down? Mary Jane dumped him.
What are goosebumps used for? To keep geese from speeding!
Duracel bunny arrested He was charged with battery
Why don't prostitutes vote? They don't care who gets in
Blind people of reddit. See what I did there?
"It's been a business doing pleasure with you." - Prostitutes
Haters gonna hate... Masters gonna bate.
Having sex while camping is so amazing it's ***In-Tents***
Personal Trainer: No pain, no gain Me: Deal
A new musical artist... Another blond this time. Miranda Lambert
Vodka...deleting memories since...uhh...
What kind of jokes does a priest tell? Dad jokes
Who invented King Arthur's Round Table? Sir Cumference!
What does a man with no honey do? He cantaloupe.
A one-word joke that'll make any Australian laugh Politics.
Did you hear Macklemore changed his name? He's Mackle-less now
Arcade Fire: great band / nerd way to die
Elliptical machines are the caesar salad of exercise.
Why did hitler commit suicide? He saw the gas bill
Have you ever had African food? Neither they have.
"You've changed." "I know, I'm a Transformer."
How do senior citizens handle indoor skydiving? Depends
What do you call a musician's best friend? A drummer...
Wine improves with age. I improve with wine.
Bae keeps on slippin, slippin, slippin Into da futuuurrrree
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotopuss
What's the programmer's favorite drug? A line of code.
Smith & Wesson: The original point and click interface.
What's Medusa's favorite type of cheese? *Gorgon*zola
That's the hardest thing about killing a toddler? My dick.
For sale: 2 dead birds (Not going cheep)
25- 35 year olds
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotopus.
What do you call a deaf gynecologist? A lip reader
What do you call a Jamaican cooking competition? A jerkoff
What's the slogan of Jewish proselytizers? Yahweh or the highway.
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
I think you're suffering from a lack of vitamin me.
It all Title says it all
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be...
Her: Do I look fat? Him: Do I look stupid?...
Why do cows have hooves? Because they lac-tose!
Conjunctivitis.com That's a site for sore eyes...
Looking forward to Monday? You're married
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger call a colonoscopy? A Cameron Diaz
Toast is just bread that likes to party.
What are eukaryotes' least favorite subject in school? Algaebra...
What does a gang say on December 25th? Merry Crips-mas
What is the singular form of binoculars? telescope
Do you know what matter to me? my nihilism
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... Free.
The three unwritten rules of life. 1. 2. 3.
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... Free!
My password is pussy Because most hackers don't get it
Countdown is Dracula's retarded brother.
What starts with "F" and ends with "uck"? Fuck.
What's a 6.9 A good time ruined by the period?
What's a pirates favorite place to eat? Arrrrrrrrrbyyyyssss
Where did Little Suzie go when the bomb hit? Everywhere.
Q: What is Iraq's national bird? A: Duck.
"What doesn't kill you makes you smaller." ~Mario
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive? She was a woman.
Schrdringer's cat walks into a bar Or not
Why do women wear striped bras? Because it's a ZEBRA.
Somebody broke into my house and stole the alarm system.
Why are black cats such good singers? They're very mewsical.
What do you call a french gayman? A faguette.
The Little Mermaid was a hoarder.
What is Rhiannas favorite type of cheese? mozzarella-ella-ella
Teenage sex. Haha-ha...ha...amirite guys?... : {
what idiot named them jet skis instead of boatercycles
Diarrhea must be hereditary Because it runs in your jeans.
Fat women are like hydrogen single and abundant
Why did Vivaldi die poor? Because he was baroque.
Women don't make good meteorologists because they're never wrong
What kind of car does depressed Daniel drive? Sad Dan
Ever had sex while camping? It's fucking intense.
Guys are always 'just kidding' unless you say yes
Where did Sally go when the bomb went off? *Everywhere*
What is ET short for? Because he has short legs
Why are penguins so shy? They always get cold feet.
Mike Tyson wrecked a ship once... who wouldda thunk it?
He who laughs first, must be using 3G internet.
What's Chris Brown's favourite game? Mortal Kombat Ex
Aren't horses just Eunuchorns?
If you love batman, let him go... Batman returns.
Your money or your life by Stan Den Deliver
What's a moo hoo for a cattle dinner? Cow chow!
My friend is 1/8th Jew He's Jew...Ish
womens rights
Why do giraffes have long necks? Because their feet stink.
Absolutely is my favourite nothing to do...
In soviet Russia..... Road crosses chicken
What kind of bees give milk? Boo-bees.
Why can't Mexicans bow hunt? 'Cause they don't Habanero!
What do you call a pedophile musician? A kiddy-fiddler
What sound does a Hispanic pacman make? Guac-a Guac-a!
Why are trumpets more expensive than clarinets? Brass tax
Weird Computer Error UK.eu has unexpectedly stopped working
Good Joke ..Not
So Candlejack walks into a ba
New laws Do not let your friends derive drunk.
[donating blood] Me [feeling lightheaded]: I'm gonna need that back
CLOSE THE DOOR, YOU'RE LETTING ALL THE WIFI OUT
I drink, therefore I am.... Drunk.
"Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears." Only Vincent responded.
Hillary's So Crooked.... Hillary's So Crooked She Needs A Kaine!
What do you call an Egyption's butt muscle? A sphinxster
where do you take a sick horse? The horspital
Prince has died. The artist fully known as alive.
Enough is Enough! No like seriously they're the same word.
Haters gonna hate, thermometers gonna thermom
*runs into coworker at store* *pretends I don't speak English*
Famous Russian snooker player Inov the red
What do dolphins use to stay clean? All-porpoise cleaner.
Did you hear about that one statistician? Probably.
An untalented gymnast walks into a bar.
Why does Dr Dre make headphones? Beats me.
What did Thin Lizzie do with his iPhone? Jailbreak
What did the Hawaiian Jihadist say? Aloha Akbar.
Love does not hurt. Chuck Norris does.
If humans have politics, then what do bees have? POLLENtics
I've just brought a donut shaped pancake.... Holy Crepe.
Why did the nihilist cross the road? It doesn't matter.
Are you frome Tennessee? Because you're a bitch.
The guy who invented paper died last week That's tearable!
I have a joke for you that has no punchline.
What do tigers wear in bed ?  Stripey pyjamas !
What's small and green and smells like pork? Kermit's Finger.
Q. What's brown and sticky? A. A stick!
The best joke today.... Lol @ your username
If a cow laughs, does milk come out his nose?
What vegetable likes to party? A turn-up
Best joke I've heard in a while feminism
The thing about good music is.. ...its technically sound.
What do spiders eat in France? French flys
Teacher: What comes after 69? Student: Mouthwash. Teacher: Get out.
Chimney Sweep Lady chimneysweep is a real fluesie
What is a grasshopper? An insect on a pogo stick.
How do you make the spying NSA frustrated?
What is the farmers favorite way to greet someone? "Hay!"
Agnostics have commitment issues.
Ask me if I'm a truck.
Why are LED's a good investment? Because they always diode.
Two Helium Atoms Are Bonding. HeHe
"Hey Ernie do you want some ice cream?" "Sherbet."
Is it just me, or are there other people?
Worst Business Idea Ever Biodegradable Bricks
What's your favorite game if you wear a turban? Hide-and-Sikh
Q: What do ghosts like to chew? A: Boobble gum.
A scientist who studies Adam's apples is called a guyneckologist.
Internet Explorer is the best browser... to download another browser.
What's a gay couples least favorite fruit? Cantaloupe.
Why do hummingbirds hum? They don't know the words.
Lotta dudes in this coffee shop looking poignant.
I once dated a midget... I was nuts over her
*limbos away from your hug*
What's the difference between a guitar and a fish?
My name is Joseph King. Nah, just JoeKing.
Why do nuns never wear a bra? God supports everything.
[OC]What do you call a shrunken walrus? A smallrus.
Spoiler alert: 2013 sucks too.
Molestation isn't funny! Seriously it's a touchy subject.
What do you call a gang of penguins? A ganguin
What is the most common owl in England? Tea-towl
Hearthstone's TGT Decks are live! Log In and Play!
What does Santa listen to while delivering presents? sleigh-er
What is the most painful Russian dance? Tchaikovsky's *The Nutcracker*.
Wanna hear a joke about ebola? You won't get it.
Facebook  Faithful on your wall, but cheating in your inbox.
Resistance is not futile... It's voltage divided by current.
Has anyone's leg ever become pregnant with puppies?
What do you call a star-spangled pubic wig? A'merkin
Him: You're not like other girls Me: [foghorn sound]
UR MOMA IS SO HAIRY THAT HARRY POTTER GOT JEALOUS.
What do you call an arabian cop? Sher-if
Confucius say 7 days of honeymoon make one whole week.
How do bored cows sound like? Meh
How do you keep a lawyer from drowning? Shoot him.
A man walks into a bar and says... Ouch
"I wasn't born yesterday" - Lying newborn baby
Hark work never killed anybody But why take the risk.
How does Justin Beiber remove a condom? He farts.
What do you call a rare Egyptian King? King Nottocommon
Things that are dangerous- -riding a motorcycle -sharks -riding sharks
So a baby seal walks into a club
Jokes What is Mario's favorite fruit
It costs $6 to visit Karl Marx's grave. Google it.
A Weed Whacker is not as sexy as it sounds
[META] /r/germanhumour For all fans of [German humour](/r/germanhumour).
My street looks like a garbage dump... ...litter ally!
What does the aardvark take sailing? An aard ark!
What do you call a boring taco? Aburrido.
How do you call a lesbian dinosaur Lickalotopus
I like my girls like I like my drinks... Virgins
Diarrhea is hereditary.. It runs in your jeans.
Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.
I have a knock knock joke. You start.
What kind of wine do bears drink? Maulbec
HARRY POTTER: Alohamora MORA: Aloha, Harry
What does a little sister ride? A Nissan.
What replaces Steam, the gaming platform, in China? Pollution.
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Sport? *Deportes*
What kind of wig can hear ? An earwig !
What's green and yellow and eats nuts? Gonnorhea
Oh you have morals? You must be new here.
Where would you find an Egyptian psychopathic swimmer? In denial.
[toddler saves Michael Cera from drowning]
What does DNA stand for National Dyslexia Association.
I hate pedophiles. Those guys are fucking immature assholes.
Two protons walk into a black hole...
Q: What kind of bees produce milk? A: Boobies
"Say no to Lindsay Lohan." - drugs.
Minimalism... It's the least you can do.
Why does fluoride cause apathy? Who cares.
9/11 jokes are just plane wrong
My favorite one-liner Two women sat down quietly.
It would be really nice if everything was coffee.
Subreddit for 6 year old Korean jokes... enjoy! www.reddit.com/r/6yearoldkoreanjokes
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day? F5.
TIFU by posting in the wrong subreddit.
Alcohol doesn't cause hangovers....waking up does.
What do you call gay paraplegics? Fruits and vegetables!
How does Harry Potter travel about? Walking -Jk Rolling
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasoreass
I came up with an original word yesterday... ...plagiarism.
That new movie called Erectile dysfunction What a flop.
Will you be my 14th most used emoji?
What is the vampire's favorite slogan?  Please Give Blood Generously.
What killed the Imgur front page? The Grim Reappost
Inspecting mirrors.... ....is a job I can see myself doing.
What's large, grey and doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
My resolution for the new year is... 1080p
Yo mama's so fat... That she was dropped on Hiroshima.
Beards eventually grow on you. Title
What is a cannibal's favorite type of gum? Chick clits.
Did you hear about angle 57.29 He's rad
Australians don't have sex... ...they mate
Where does Dracula buy his pencils? Pennsylvania.
Which songs do planets sing? Neptunes.
What do fish use to get high Seaweed ;D
Every idiot can use a computer. Most do.
Why don't SJW's like guns? They can't handle the trigger!
What does PETA stand for? People Eating Tasty Animals
Here's a FedEx joke http://imgur.com/UiGwU3e
Your tweets are so boring the NSA just unfollowed you.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
I'm giving up drinking. ... Hard liquor. ... On Wednesdays.
"I got you, babe." - kidnappers
I just Facebook Unfriended someone on their birthday. #TrueGrit
Q: Why can't Helen Keller drive? A: Because she's dead.
Why did the geneticist get into advertising? Sex Cells
I hate when people share opinions without being asked.
Say what you like about pacifists... ...
"50 Shades of Clay: The Aiken Story" might've been worse.
90s Kids won't get this either Smallpox
Where do you find the Bible in a library? "Fiction".
What's a hard drive's favorite band? Data Remember
Cell division, explained: o 0 8 oo
Where are smells made? In the olfactory.
I'd date me. But mainly because I put out.
I forgot to go to my seminar on mindfulness
Those who hesitate... masturbate
I'm so tired I could sleep on a horse
What do you call an angry Russian? Pissdov
Sure, I'll help you find those paper cuts. -Purell
What I buy from a tea shop I sigh everytime.
Whats a terrorists favorite dessert flavored ices
Is this subreddit dying? Nobody's posted anything all year.
What looks like half a sandwich? The other half.
Eat that damn door We are waiting
Hank Hill is into BDSM because he is Pro-pain.
A person is sentenced to death by freezing It's justice.
What do you call a Halal pie? Allah mode.
Grammer nazis are the worse. Thank you four you're time.
Dark humour is like food not everybody gets it.
"Almost there." - liars
How do you say constipated in German? Fahfrompoopin
The days of good grammar has went.
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
E-thugs. Because talking shit in person is dangerous.
A Jew Gesundheit
The "L" in Samuel L. Jackson stands for "Motherfucker".
Whats Jesus's favorite gun? A nail gun
Friday, is that you???????
What did the Gorilla call his first  wife? His prime-mate!
Whats Black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee, ya racist.
You say cannibal, I say people person.
Paul has a kid It's appalling
[looks up at arresting officer] are you mad at me
What's Red and smells like Blue paint? Red paint.
Science created airplanes and skyscrapers Faith brought them together
Glee has ruined that word for me
Nine out of ten people... Enjoy gang rape.
Have you seen  www.smallearthquake.com? Yes its's no great shakes!
Black Friday deals but at the pharmacy
Is BB hungry? No, BB-8.
Which state is actually a tiny soft drink? mini-soda.
What's a teddy bears favourite pasta ?  Tagliateddy !
Which villains steal soap from the bath? Robber ducks.
Why does OP never deliver? [removed]
Did you hear the one about Ferguson? It's a riot.
Has this been posted before?
What sound does a cheating chicken? Cuck.
My typo game is string.
What happened to the blind circumsizer? He got the sack.
My New Years Resolution 4K
Horses are nice, they're like motorcycles you can pet
What do you call an ill-tempered German? A sour kraut.
Jokes How is cat food sold? Usually purr can!
A dating site that connects Tupperware containers with lost lids.
F**k censorship
The leading cause of being cryptic is stuff.
I've been married for about 45 lbs.
My dyslexic uncle was suicidal... He kept jumping behind trains
What does Hulk say when he poops? IBM!
What do you call a sad cancer patient? Chemo-sobby (kemosabe)
What is a runner's favourite subject in school? Jog-raphy!
What's faster than light? Darkness, my old friend.
What was INXS Singer Michael Hutchence's favorite vegetable? The autochoke.
What fish do road-menders use ? Pneumatic krill !
Who is a Graduate student's least favorite Greek Hero? Thesus
How does NASA organize their Christmas party? They planet
What's big, Scottish and depressing? Scotland
What do you call your disabled study-buddy? Your cerebral pal-sy.
What did one cow say to the other? Hey moo!
Like a stoned man once said, I can't remember.
Taken is the adult version of Finding Nemo.
What do you call a fish without eyes? A FSSSSSHHHH
Have I got a favourite 70's rock band? Yes.
All those who believe in telekinesis Raise My hand
What was the former name of captain Hook? Captain Hand
Why did the feminist fail algebra? She couldn't solve inequalities.
Guys I thought of something funnier than 68. 69
A natural log with her own show ln(DeGeneres)
A bad metaphor is like a cucumber with a parachute.
What do you call a stubborn Egyptian? In denile
Spell "pound" in two letters. Lb.
Metro don't trust trump. Future gon' shoot him.
HTML my life.
I made a joke about Kim Jong-Un [Removed]
Where does a legged waitress work? IHOP.
All mushrooms are edible. ...Once.
When is your birthday? 17th January.  What year? Every year!
What do you call a Chinese millionare? Ching-Ching.
A Scotsman walks out of a bar. ...
What's the Italian version of Preparation-H? Innuend-O
What's the square root of 69? Ate something.
I like women how I like my eggs... Whites only
I'm not getting married till Pizza Hut allows gift registry.
What do you call it when plants bang? Floral sex.
Dictinry for sell. Never use.
You can't keep two ducks alone together It's a paradox.
I wouldn't step onto a plane with thrust issues.
What kind of watch does Germs Bond wear? An Amoeba.
flavor flav's full name is flavor flavor
Does the carpet match the drapes? Nope, I've got hardwood.
*puts on strapless bra *takes an extra Prozac
Why do cats chase birds ? For a lark !
Where do super-villains get their coffee? DUN-DUN-DUUUNNNNkin Donuts.
Who is a presents favorite quarterback? Tim TeBOW
How Moses makes his tea? Hebrews it.
A patriotic needle said: Don't thread on me.
What type of clothing does a House wear? Address.
What is the most popular Canadian poultry restaurant? Chic-fil, eh?
Guess what? Chicken butt
What do you call a gay Russian? erosexual
Hey girl, are you an acid? Because you're definitely (aq)-tie.
I work to buy a car to go to work.
What do cows like on their hotdogs? MOOstard.
Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
when it's april 2nd and she still pregnant
Two antenna got married.... ... the reception was amazing.
Why don't we drink chicken milk? It tastes fowl.
What do you call an Extraterrestrial from Melbourne? An Australien.
Three Paddys
Why did Hitler kill himself? He got the gas bill.
Do old people wear boxers or briefs? Depends.
Thank God Wolverine isn't italian...
Why was six afraid of the rhetorical question?
Why did the mexican take xanax? For hispanic attacks.
AMA Request: Someone who has successfully committed suicide.
What's a reindeer's favourite celebrity? Beyonsleigh
Why did the cow explode? Because it was a mooooooslim.
My homemade bread turned out very well, kneadless to say.
Condoms prevent minivans.
I'm only gay for Jesus.
Why do women fake orgasms? they think we care!
What do you call a disappointing white wine? Prosecc-oh...
The leg rests have taken over! Fear the Ottoman Empire!
Why are girls so odd? they can't even
Wanna know what makes me smile? Face muscles.
all restaurants are drive-thru if you drive hard enough
To catch chlamydia, you have to think like chlamydia.
guy walks into a bar... bar eats 'im.
'50 shades of gray' -worst set of crayola colored pencils.
What is spidermas favourite type of rice Uncle Ben's
the crow was calling my name thought cah
What is a pirate's favorite TV show? EEEEEE-YARRRRRRRR
Knock Knock Who's there? Allah Allah who? *Boom*
Why do women talk non-stop? Because they don't like periods.
A dyslexic man... Walks into a bra
Emmanuel Lubezki walks into a bar and orders one shot.
What's gray and comes in quarts? An elephant
Where can you find tetraplegics? Where you left them.
Canada. Because I love being cold 95% of my life.
I named my vagina "TARDIS". It's bigger on the inside.
People that study meteors are called weatherologists
What's a feminist favorite ship? A CENSORSHIP
I make rabbit tuxedos for a living. I'm a hare-dresser.
You're sweeter than 3.14
my dad didn't let me date untill i was pregnant...
A Muslim woman goes to a hairdresser
Never drink water while studying It'll dilute your concentration
GOODBYE WORK COMPUTER HELLO HOME COMPUTER
I can speak more than one vagina I'm bicunnilingual
What is Whitney Houston's favorite coordination? HAND-EYYYYEEEEE-EEEE-IIIII!!!
An app that tells you how Raven something is.
What do you call a blind German? A nat-zee
What do you call a Jewish man's scrotum? Goldman Sachs
What do you call a cinema in Jamiaca? A cinemon
What is Hitler's favorite drink? concentrated jews
What's Hitler's favorite weather? Heil
What does a zombie conductor say? Traaaains.
What does a mod do in their spare time? [Deleted]
"Is this a card?" -the vague street magician
Q: Where is the world's fastest chicken from? A: Ethiopia!
Can't quit smoking? Wear mittens all the time.
Ferguson? What about Fergdudaughter? Must have Asian parents.
A car is just a very small room with wheels
Redditors will get this. Replayed jokes.
What does a cow's fart smell like? dairy-air
I just paid 400 for a cup. What a mug.
Why did the artist go to the bakery? For shortening!
Pennies from heaven would actually be quite devastating.
Why don't kleptomaniacs get jokes? Because they take everything literally.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
How do weathermen get up a mountain? They climate.
What do you call a black dinosaur? A Tyroneosaurus Rex.
What happens when batman takes viagra? The dark knight rises
help im covered in chameleons & no one believes me
Adults have imaginary friends too... his name is God.
Mexicans won't get this Rights.
What do you call a large bread disco? [deleted]
Which US national park is most welcoming to Hebrews? Yosemite!
I'm "friends with beneficiaries" years old.
My favorite childhood memory is not having a job.
Don't be a vegetarian ! It's a big missteak
What happens to garlic sauce over time? The sausages.
What's the most prominent religion in Canada? Jemima's Witnesses.
What does an atheist yell during sex? Oh, nothing!
What's red and invisible? No tomatoes
Just got a nosebleed. Thank God my head isn't pregnant!
What career is a perfect ten? Forensics
Which is Bernie Sanders' dominant hand? His left one
what do you call a gay dyslexic? a dyxlixic
Did anyone hear about the fat priest? He never exorcised.
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom? He farts
What is a Mexicans closing sales pitch? Kay-so-deal-a?
Poor Will... He gets fired at a lot.
Why was Peter Pan a bad boxer? His punches Neverland.
Ken Cross' AMA That's it.
Why do melons always have traditional weddings? They cantaloupe.
What is Spiderman's perfect job? A web designer. ^^^^^sorry!
England vs USA. Loser gets New Jersey.
Doctor: How's your headache? Patient: She's out of town.
You had me at "various dipping sauces"
What sounds do nuts make when they sneeze? Cashew
Sadly.. ..some frogs have been known to Kermit suicide
What do you call a ghost that loves soccer? Ghoooooooooooooouuull!
Seriously guys, people drive like shit when I'm tweeting
Why did I divide sin by tan? just cos.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Strokin-off
What was Thriller really about? A negromancer.
What's Fonzie's favorite indefinite article? Ehhhhhh!
What confuses a gay person Seven
Why shouldn't Hellen Keller drive? Because she's a woman.
If Shrek can find love, so can you.
What is the Pillsbury doughboy's wife's favorite snack? Doughnuts.
The popularity of origami has increased ten fold.
Why didn't the elephant eat the banana?
What's the worst kind of media? chlamydia
What do you call a singing laptop? A dell
[Michael Cera knocked backwards by ejecting toast]
PC Master Race
|T|h|i|n|k| |I| |f|o|u|n|d| |s|o|m|e|t|h|i|n|g| |m|o|r|e| |a|n|n|o|y|i|n|g| |t|h|a|n| |h|a|s|h|t|a|g|s|
Today has been cancelled, due to lack of interest.
Knock knock. Who's there? To. To who? To whom.
Valve improving their customer service.
Knock knock. Who's there? To. To who? To whom!
What concert only costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickelback.
What do you call toddlers who are dictators? Dictator Tots
Why do Canadians call alcohol anonymous triple A? AA, Eh
When life gives you lemons... Attempt to weaponize lemonade.
Name Some Anti-Jokes They always are the funniest
What do you call a transparent robot? See-through P0
If you don't like the fire....don't tickle the dragon.
What does a nosey pepper do? I gets "jalapeno" business!
What do you call a pessimistic pelican? A pelican't.
Why can't melons have shotgun weddings? They cantaloupe
Stupid baby keeps knocking my bong over.
What does a shaved otter look like? Odder... Sorry
Wings are the leading cause of bird flew
Chuck Norris drives a solar powered car at night.
What's the favourite flavour of sharks? Shark-o-late!
Open your mind before your mouth.
What do German kids play on the playground? Guten tag!
Birds shit on us because we tweet better.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? A.I.D.S.
A short joke my GF told me My penis
Just robbed a bakery I kneaded the dough.
I'm sorry, all I hear is your perfume
What is the clumsiest bee? A bumbling bee.
Waitress: "Hi, my nam-" Me: "Vodka martini, please."
Wanna hear my construction joke? I'm still working on it...
What did the socialists use before candles? Electricity
What's infinite times better than the Super Bowl? The Hyperbole
70% of my enemies were once my friends.
Anybody wanna go halfsies on an orgasm?
what do you call dried cum? sement
Capital Reward Stoners get stoned in Saudi Arabia
Wheres my dog gone? Dead in the trash
An Irishman walks out of a bar... It could happen
It ain't the jeans that make your butt look fat.
A feminist is someone I could really get behind.
What's Rectangle, red and bad for your teeth? A Brick!
Where do you weigh a pie? Somewhere over the rainbow.
Shower like nobody is watching.
What's the clinical name for Viagra? Mycoxafloppin.
What do dyslexic sysadmins eat for breakfast? Cronflakes.
What fighting style does best girl use? Waifoo.
What's 9+10? 19 you fucking dumbass
What is a cat's favorite alcoholic beverage? Boxed wine, obviously.
Use of the word "irony" should be avoided, ironically enough.
What is a roosters favorite porn Hen-tai
Expect nothing and you'll be impressed every day.
Who would steal an artificial leg? I'm stumped.
Let he who is without selfie cast the first stone
These poker chips must be stale, they taste horrible.
What's colder than ice cream? ISIS
What's the definition of trust? Two cannibals blowing each other.
In my defense, it was a fantastic idea at 3am...
How do porcupines play leapfrog? Very carefully
What do jedi hate the most? Forced jokes.
What is the dankest kind of pizza? Pepe-roni
What do you call a muslim crocodile? An Allahgator!
Why are gametes so popular? Because sex sells!
What kind of shrimp does Chris Brown like? Battered shrimp.
"It's pronounced poor-shah, not por-shh." "Ok, got it doo-shah."
If we're all Gods children... ...what's so special about Jesus?
Chivalry is just the study of green onions right?
How do American chickens cross the road? In a bucket.
What do paper towels call their family? NapKIN
What do you give the blonde that has everything? Penicillin.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Here's a joke for all you psychics out there...
Why is brassiere singular and panties  plural?
How ugly was she? Paper or plasic?
What do you call an American Drawing? A Yankee Doodle.
Moms that name their daughters Stacy are the real narcissists.
How much do deodorant factory workers get paid? A pittance.
Chuck Norris trick-or-treated as himself as a child.
1% battery..... Because I like to live on the
I just licked a knife.. It tasted like blood.
Why are manhole covers round? Because manholes are round
Where do baby apes sleep? Apricots.
Ever read Helen Keller's book? No? Neither did she.
VJ Day Because Hirohito was a cunt.
You know what really grinds my gears? Friction
Q: What is Iraq's national bird ? A: Duck
Where do monkeys hang out? At the monkey bars.
What do you call a nun in space? Virgin Galactic
What is white and disturbes your dinner? An avalanche.
Getting gold is like getting laid Most of us don't.
No, you hang up first. Me to Pizza Hut
Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly sheep.
"Ladies and Gents" That concludes our tour of the toilets
Good artists copy, great artists steal I wrote that.
Women's rights
The Modern Police Force by Iris Tew
You are literally overusing literally.
"LOYO!" -Yoda
What's a wolf's favorite breakfast food? A wolffle.
What do you call fake excrement? Shampoo.
What do you call a deaf gynaecologist? A lip reader
A man walks into a bar. He then says "ouch."
What kind of bees produce milk? Boo bees
New dating app for German Catholic Priests Kinder
What do you call a French hooker in Pakistan? Lahore
Fock spelling.
Why-Fi: The existential Internet connection.
What kinda overalls does Mario wear? Denim denim denim
You can't spell "Schwarzenegger" without "google."
Did you hear that Oxygen and Magnesium are dating? OMg
Never trust a man wearing more than 0 necklaces
Gay jokes are not funny Cum on guys....
Which football team loves ice-cream? Aston Vanilla!
*puts on sports bra* Well, that's enough exercise for today...
The Oedipal complex.. It's the difference between MILF and M,ILF.
What has nine arms and sucks? Def Leppard
Boob. B (top view) oo (front view) b (side view)
No checks (Czechs are welcome).
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks
A word in this sentence is misspelled. Misspelled.
My face is very symmetrical...over the x-axis :(
What is the biggest scum-hole in the galaxy? Teddybear junction.
I like my eggs like I like my women Beaten
What do you call a Communist Sniper? A Marxman.
I have a step-ladder I've never known my biological ladder
Why don't communists ever learn? Because there are no classes.
What kind of monkey can fly? A hot air baboon!
What do polite Japanese people eat? Arigatoni
What do you call a Mexican baby born yesterday? Diego
How do you make tear-free soap? Don't use child labor.
Plays tetris. Gets a circle.
What does Mr Miyagi call his cat Mr Meow'y
Have you ever had sex while camping? Its fucking intents!
I see wed people.
What has 3 legs and 3 eyes? Three pirates
The group wanted to pour some wine but unfortunately... Decant
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Autocorrect is horrible... I'm so tired of this shirt
Hitler's proofreader for Mein Kampf was literally a Grammar Nazi.
Where can you find alcoholic sheep? At the BAAAAH
What was shaken and is now stirred? Haiti.
Pretentious? Moi?
A man walks into a bar... ... ouch
Facebook is for Leaders.....Twitter is for Followers
You look like the grinch with plastic surgery gone wrong!
What is DNA's favourite clothing? Jeans!
What is a statistician's favorite social media site? Histogram
If at first you don't succeed: try management.
Yo momma so fat... She's a Reddit admin!
An Irish wake Partying is such sweet sorrow.
ISIS just frozen water
*steals someone's soul* *steals someone's mate* *Creates a soulmate*
'Say it with flowers' Send a wreath
I fall asleep every night While browsing the chlora forum
What are Jehovah witnesses called in Chinese? Dind Dong
"And the rest is history." -Lazy history teacher
Where do cowboys cook their meals? On the range
"Stressed" backwards is "desserts" so chill and have that cupcake.
Horse walks into a bar... ..Barman: "Why the long face?"
Feminazis love Game of Thrones........ Cause all men must die
Hello (Sorry for my English)
"My favorite letter is X" "Why?" "Z"
*Knock Knock* Come in.
Nokia But it's my Kia
What do you call a Mexican ready-meal? Dinner for Juan
My wife remains very racist in her approach to laundry.
Litter of puppies = cute. Liter of puppies = gross.
Fact Every 60 seconds in Ukraine a minute passes
Sorry I can't date you because I'm seeing anybody else.
Two Dicks... Two dicks were hanging out at a bar.
Which burgers are dishonest? Cat-burgers! (burglars)
What does a rusty cow say? MgOOOO!!!
Help! I'm a fat man trapped in a skinny body!
What is an Eskimos best friend? pol ice
A surrealist entered an Indian market. It felt very bazaar.
What did Harry Potter name his daughter? Harry Daughter.
Sold some krokodil today...... "see you later alligator"
What do you call a Masterbating Cow? A Beef Stroganoff
Got laid off.
I like the way your medication thinks.
What do dwarfs and midgets have in common? Very little.
"Ho, ho, ho!" -Santa doing a head count
What's a blind person's favorite fast food joint? Taco Braille
What's grey and can't swim? A castle
White people be loving the shit out of fall foliage.
What do you call a Spanish cucumber ? A cuke-hombre...
World Peace.
Where do two electrons race? On a circuit
Am - hello - goodbye
I'm starting a Mexican hate group. It's called the quequeque.
Q: What do you call a drunken Muslim? A: Mohammered.
The winds of change can blow me.
Pugs. Because you can't own E.T.
Disney to remake Jungle Book as Jungle eReader.
turns out Xenophobia is not 'A fear of Warrior Princesses'
Dyslexic Zombie What does a dyslexic zombie eat? Brians
Psychic wanted: You know where to apply.
I hate recursion, irony, and the Oxford Comma.
let's get married but instead of kids we have nachos
Keep your friends' cake and your enemies' cake.
How does Jennifer Lopez like her cheese? From the block.
What's brown and sticky? a stick.
Why didn't they just call the Selfie Stick a NarcissiStick?
What is a caveman's favourite audio compression algorithm? OGG
#1: How do blind people know when to stop wiping?
opinion - 3.14 = onion
Have you heard of the famous cow? He's legendairy
Who named their company after your dick? Bill Gates.
What were the polite Egyptians running away from? DaRUDE Sandstorm
If you're testing me, we failed.
Never have phone sex You'll catch hearing-aids
STOP holding secret meetings about my paranoia!
What do you call an all Sikh band? N'Singh.
It was the Busta Rhymes, it was the Worsta Rhymes.
What's large, gray, wrinkly, and not important? An irrelephant.
Where are average things manufactured? The satisfactory.
Wanna hear a Joke? Women's rights...
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar.. ...and doesn't
One time, at banned camp, I felt really excluded.
You're a unit of power Harry "Im a watt?"
What is the funniest name for male prostitutes? Peter sellers.
What stopped the beaver's crime spree? The damming evidence
Still trying to figure out how Cee-Lo wipes his ass.
Whats blue and smells like red paint? blue paint
The Seattle Seahawks play calling.
What do you call a very small villain? The Antagonist
squirrel probs
IAmA dyslexic government computer programmer, AMA! Whoops, wrong usb.
Laughter really is the best medicine... Except for diarrhea.
What does a diabetic elf need? Tinselin
I am going to stop procrastinating tomorrow.
What's my favorite Jewish star wars character? Jewbacca
What' the bare minimum? One bear
Had phone sex then I got hearing aids. EDIT: then
Halal sounds a lot like Arnold swartzenegger greeting someone.
Give me the best joke you have
What's Hitler's favorite game? Meincraft
What kind of tea does a house drink? Propertea
This specimen cup tastes like Coors Light.
What happens when you mix roofies and Viagra? Ring toss.
Great news for insomniacs... Only three more sleeps until Christmas!
A lawyer-turned-cook is a sue chef.
What do you call a failing brand? Calvin DeKlein.
Why is the computer so aggressive? It bytes
Knock knock who's there Jo Jo who? Jo moms!
What do you call a gay rhinoceros? Scooter the unicorn.
MEN ARE JUST HAPPIER PEOPLE
Doctor Doctor I keep thinking I'm invisible Who said that?
Knock knock..I eat mop Thats nasty.
Excuse my french... ...but I surrender.
What do you call bad Mediterranean food? Falawful.
Three guys walk in to a bar... One ducks
A particle walked into a bar.... and it didn't
I'm great with kids because mentally I'm on their level.
Sodomy? SodoYOU. JK, please sodomy.
I'm anti-thesaurus, for lack of a better word.
Damn girl, are you today's date? Because you are 10/10
What does grandmas vagina taste like? Depends..
I hate circles. They're pointless.
How to discipline your rock *you hit rock bottom*
I have a step-stool and never met my real stool
www.conjunctivitis.com ...that's a site for sore eyes.
Don't lie, steal, or cheat... The government hates competition.
What's Fozzy Bear's favorite city? Mil-wocka-wocka-waukee
Who the hell called them deadbeat dads instead of negli-gents?
Just walked in on my uncle "taking a selfie" :(
A guy walks into a bar... He should have ducked.
Yarrr, have ye seen me mizzenmast? It's mizzen.
RT This if wish you had an Fairly OddParent.
I named my dog karma She's very well behaved.
A guy walks into a grocery store... And buys groceries.
I always say no to drugs... But they never listen.
What's the most believed oxymoron? Peaceful muslims
A lady never reveals her penis
Lap band surgery Waist knot, want not.
Why doesn't anyone die a virgin? Life fucks us all.
do you know what is worst than a bad joke?
Morning wood makes the best fire.
What did O say to Q? XYZ.
what's the strongest part of a vegetable? the wheel chair.
R/Jokes is like my elbow. I don't come here often.
Romney likes Costco. So much that he bought 3.
Sisters are like fat thighs They stick together.
Me: *breathes* *gains weight*
Do you want to join the "P" club? Congratulations, ur-ine!
I call my dick MySpace No one's on it.
Puns about cow sounds are the lowest form of humor.
I don't have a problem with alcohol. Only without it.
Would you like to hear a joke? Donald Trump
How do spies eat their waffles? Syruptitiously!
what are the best sort of bees? boobies
What was King Arthur's favourite game? Knights and crosses!
Why is lettuce my favorite vegetable? Just cos.
Why did the Germans loose WWII? They kept Stalin around.
What's a redditors favorite Imagine Dragons song GOLD!
I'm great in bed... I can sleep for days.
Jokes about deporting Mexicans aren't funny They're despicable.
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighborhood? A spaghetto
What did the Chinese cowboy say? Nii haw!
How does Sherlock prefer his tea? Steeped in mystery!
Couldn't look worse today. Time to run into an ex...
What's black and eats pussy? Cervical Cancer
What is a dog lover's favorite cookie? Keebler
What do you call butt sex in public? PDAnal
What kind of food can't blind people eat? Seafood.
Islam Is a religion of peace
What do you call a super cool assassin? A badassassin.
why did the chicken cross the road it didn't.
I hope you guys like one-line antijokes
That movie was so bad... ...only Helen Keller liked it.
Why don't they play poker in Africa? Too many cheetahs
Air resistance Is a jerk
Never marry a tennis player... Love means nothing to them.
No wine. No peace. Know wine. Know peace.
Who is Donald Trumps favorite Pixar character? WALL-E
What do you call a psychoanalysis game show? Family Freud
Why are midgets so skinny? Because they eat h*elf*ally
How do snowmen read their e-mails? With an icy-stare!
You better brush your teeth everyday... Oral-B very mad!
Whats a sign a subreddit has strong moderation? [removed]
I'm in a band called Duvet. We're a cover band.
UPS driver jumps out within 2 sec
whose playing shaggy so much? Velma
What was the oak's favorite subject? Chemistree.
Why doesn't Angelina Jolie like peaches? Because of the "Pit"
how do you organize a party in space? you planet.
I've got a new habit. And a naked dead nun.
Why did the Catholic cross herself?
Q: How did the artist paint a picture? A: Easel-y.
Whats the incredible hulks favourite drink? Incredible mulk
Tell me your best joke?
What's Bob Marley's favorite dessert? Pot pie.
What's the most popular Russian streaming service? Nyetflix
stadium announcer: "STADIUM!"
What's Chris Brown's favorite professional sport? Sockher
What Pokemon can you find at Auschwitz? Gastly
Somebody needs to tell Tim Burton about the other actors
Dolly Parton and Princess Diana Go To Heaven
Your Mom: Over 10,000,000,000 Served
I'm sorry we fought. I hate it when you're wrong.
We live in a time of delicious cakes.
"I like your tree's earring." "That's a tire swing."
How do dinosaurs smell? Ex-stinky
Spell electricity with three letters. NRG (energy).
I used to be a banker But I lost *interest*
Let's vote the pool water off that celebrity diving show.
Did you hear about the kidnapping? he woke up
Why do Nigerian babies cry? Midlife crisis
A person walks into a bar. Ouch.
The traffic must be horrendous in a red light district
What is a Mexican with a rubber toe called Roberto
Hard to say which dinosaur was the sexiest.
Love me sister, I incest.
Oxygen hydrogen sodium sodium Whats my name
What has 5 balls and rapes the poor? The lottery.
A Pagan sees a particularly shocking event ... "Deer *god*!"
How do you feel when there's no more coffee? depresso
"Action, camera, lights!" - dyslexic and now unemployed director
What subreddit do unborn babies use? Pro Life Tips.
A red dot walks into a bar. Period.
Drinking could cause memory loss. Or even worse, memory loss.
I heard Simon say, "Turn to the next page."
Dear necessity, happy mothers day! -Invention.
AFTER 69 Q: What comes after 69? A: Mouthwash.
Can't believe I've already spent $500 on mayonnaise this year.
Where do tech guys with diarrhea go to work? IBM
"Why?"- existential owl
Q: What is a dentist's office? A: A filling station.
What's Irish and stays out all night? Paddy O'Furniture.
Who delievers elephants's Christmas presents? Elephanta Claus !
You people from the internet freak me the fuck out.
The clock was hungry... So he went back four seconds
My blood type is also my life motto: B Positive
Where does marine wildlife get treated? The Squid-ward.
I'm not a quitter. "Lights cigarette"
What's the definition of a will? It's a dead giveaway!
A hipster so cool he is reading a tree
Where do angry mailmen work? At the pissed office.
"Oh great. Another puppy." - Sarah McLachlan's friends at Christmas
Lost airport chameleon finally found after hiding in plane site
What's a feminist's favourite school lesson? Triggernometry.
What do you do with a zombie chef? Skillet
Why was the teacher cross-eyed? He couldn't control his pupils.
What do they do with rope in space? Tie Astro-knots.
It's colder than...
TIL Diarrhea is hereditary It runs in your jeans
What's a musician's favourite kitchen utensil? A Chopin' knife!
AlgeBron James is the best mathlete in the league
What do you call a communist sniper? A Marxman
What do you call a rich Chinese? https://i.imgur.com/txMwWBX.jpg
Great jokes are like miscarriage. They never get old.
Quit embarrassing me in front of my friends, iPod shuffle.
Where do ghosts go for their holidays?  The Dead Sea.
I'm expended, I'm expensive, And I'm expanded. ... Ijkwim.
Putting candles on a cake Is wishful thinking
The current "feminist" movement
What do you call sunscreen in Ireland? Pubs
Whenever you feel depressed, imagine someone tickling Kristen Stewart.
What do you call an Irish armchair? Patty O'Furniture
What does Lebron use to high jump? The Flosberry Flop.
Half-life 3 has finally been announced at E3!! :(
I tried to catch fog today Mist
Once you go black... Single mother for life.
[Short] What is the best color? Reddit
Doing sexual favors for spaghetti dinners ...makes you a pastatute
I call my girl Attila because she's my Hun.
What covers the outside of a dogwood tree? Bark.
My cow got Parkinson's Now she only produces milkshakes.
I turned my hobby into a job - George, Gynecologist
Where's the best place to explore? Rome.
What do Asian pirates do? They fry pranes
What's a porn star's favorite dessert? Cookies and MILF
How do fish get stoned... ...Seaweed.
What is the internal tmperature of a taun-taun Luke warm
Have you seen Stevie wonders house? Neither has he
How do long distance runners send e-mail? On the sprin-ternet.
What's yellow and sleeps alone? Yoko Ono
... -_- Ash gets raped??? http://teensofhs.blogspot.com/2013/02/20000-views-celebration.html
If you... ... fap on an airplane, are you hijacking?
It's a vagina, not a small business!
Fried chicken is unhealthy, especially for the chicken.
Bisexual girls are like spaghetti. Straight until wet.
Quiting smoking is easy I've done it hundreds of times.
Ikea is Swedish for DIY
Try saying "I like cops" without your lips touching
Good cop: frisks you Bad cop: takes his time
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotopus
This is overexaggerated. 1/x
What data service is red and wireless? Flash-Drives
What do you call a wannabe model? A poser!
What is a group of endermen called? A basketball team
6.9 A good time interrupted by a period
What do you call a witch with one leg?  Eileen.
What do you call a middle eastern sorceress? A sandwitch
Your life and greatest achievements
Finally figured out why clickbait is so effective
An Irishman walks... out of a bar.
What's a virgin's favorite Christmas song? "Single Bells"
I'm so ugly... I can't even turn on a lamp
Who do you sell second hand bikes to? A re-cyclist.
What music do girls on their periods listen to? Ragtime
What pillar doesn't need holding up ? A caterpillar !
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop Dr. Dre
There were three holes in the ground. Well, well, well.
Are you looking arround ?
* Aggressively aggresses your aggressions into aggressivity. *
A bridge killed my family... We're arch enemies now.
You don't owe anyone an explanation for who you are.
Beware of Lawyers 7 "Are!you!a!lawyer?" "Yes." "How!much!do!you!charge?" "A!hundred!dollars!for!four!questions." "Isn't!that!awfully!expensive?" "Yes.!What!is!your!fourth!question?"
What do you call three brothers taking acid together? Triplets
*wants space* *eats Milky Way*
What do you call a skinny, Islamic cow? A moo-slim.
I wish more people were fluent in silence.
I'm not racist I have a black president.
Every program I write is completely error-free No exceptions!
Joke 35 HISTORY LESSON: The Greeks invented sex...
Whats a Feminist's favorite math subject? Triggerednometry
My sex life is like a Bond villain... Goldfinger
Way to disappoint me, things that aren't cheese.
Whoever invented "knock knock" jokes Should get a "no-bell" prize.
i just cant stand peadophiles they're fucking immature arseholes
Are we done? Can we go? -A memoir.
I'm almost drunk enough to comment on a YouTube video.
Where's the best place to store ice cream cones? Conetainers
Late-Night Jokes Of The Week (VIDEO)
Caesar and Brutus are playing battleships. A2, Brute?
Why are planes strong? Cuz they can lift.
My bedtime is 9:11pm... So I never forget.
Two parallel lines match on tinder But they never meet!
Why are all rabbits negro? Because they dig homes.
What do insects learn at school ? Mothmatics !
Non-Americans may get this. Waterboarded.
WHAT ARE THOSE?! Thanks, how did you know?
What genre can't Ed Sheeran sing ? Soul
Where do Star Wars rebel officers eat? The Admiral Snackbar.
Those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it.
Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside
"Que?" (Spanish Inquisition)
What do you call a collection of memes? A memeoir.
What are the spots on black-and-white cows? Holstaines
What does a stripper eat for thanksgiving dinner? Twerky
What do math teachers grow? Geometrees and trigonometrees
What are you if you aren't European? Eurapoopin. -my daughter
What do you call painful constipation? Excretiating pain
What's the difference between a snowman and snow-women? Snow-balls.
What do you call an retarded rich kid? Downstown Abby
How did the stoner die? Blunt force trauma.
What do gay horses eat? Horse dick.
420 is a gateway holiday to harder, more serious holidays.
What do you call a rapping computer? Mac-klemore
Parenting teenagers is easy since they already know everything.
99 Homes was originally a movie about Mexican gangsters
How do you confuse a drummer? Give him sheet music
Theresa May? Theresa Will.
What's your mom's favorite seafood resturant? Captain D's Nutz
What do you call earrings on a gay man? Queerings
Does Bill Nye always wear a bowtie? Seriously though?
I love whiteboards. They're remarkable.
My new year's resolution... 2K, and 16 extra pixels.
Jake Butt wins tight end of the year http://www.mlive.com/wolverines/index.ssf/2015/12/michigans_jake_butt_wins_big_t.html
What is the frat guy's favorite ion? Bromide
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel!
What sits down but doesn't get back up? A redditor.
A joke about Reddit's censorship policy. &lt;removed&gt;
When do Jews go swimming? When it Israeli hot
54% of IKEA purchases end in divorce.
Vintage Joke: What's yellow and writes? A ball point banana!
What was John Locke's favorite beer? Natty Rights
What's Up Doc? by Howie Dewin
Wanna hear a joke about the mods? [deleted]
Whats the devil's favorite meal? fillet of soul
Me and my wife are like Catdog... Inseparable since birth.
The Pillsbury Doughboy... Another sad case of battered man syndrome.
What do you call a homeless caveman? Hobo Erectus
Did you hear about that spicy knight? Sir Acha.
BEST JOKE EVER hey, lets play duoq
A small part of me almost died today.. Specifically mini-me
What happens when Donald gets a boner? A Trup vote.
What is yellow and lives off beetles? Yoko Ono
"Hey is BB hungry?" "No BB-8."
What do you call a burning Bible? Holy smokes.
Frank has no arms. **Knock knock who's there?** Not Frank.
Pantibros before pantihose?
Met a girl cop today. She shot me down.
It's Cyber Monday, sooo.... what are you wearing?
"Let's give the bad guy a ponytail." - 80s movies
I'm so poor I can only afford Middle Ramen.
If you can't spell, we can't hangman.
What is 6.9? Great sex interrupted by a period.
Knock knock "Who's there" "I'm the mailman"
Just got Lasik. 20/20 would do again.
I tried to catch the fog earlier But I mist.
How do you make an octopus laugh? Ten Tickles
You can tune a piano But you can't tuna fish!
Where do cats go after death? Purrgatory
If you are reading this you are probably not blind.
Confucius say man who run behind car... ...get exhausted.
Who has the biggest duck in Compton? A tripod
What car does Woody drive? AUDI ADUI ADUI!
Lebron reminds me of Michael Jordan... ...when Jordan played baseball
Knock knock. Who's there? Doorbell technician.
How do Indian chiefs send messages? By teepee-mail!
How do you confuse a gay person? 7
What is it that's made backwards? Edam
When do clocks die?When their time is up.
Ahmed Mohamed must have made a bomb ass clock
Russia's attitude towards the West is sometimes... Off-Putin.
Have you ever eaten Ethiopian food? No? Neither have they
What do you call a crazy judge? Judgemental
What kind of birds do girls like? My-cawk!
How do you get an r/jokes redditor confused? loading...
Sexism wouldn't exist if it weren't for your women's opinions.
What goes zzub-zzub? A bee flying backwards
Cannibals are so full of themselves and other people
Why do Jews hate sex? Because porkin isn't kosher.
I just Googled "cool new rare diseases."
What's a Muslims favourite place to eat? Allahu Snackbar
Mountains aren't just funny They are hill areas
What drink does hitler hate the most? Juice
What's George Washington's favorite element? Americium-1776
People who talk about me behind my back discussed me.
What do Nazis drink for breakfast? Orange Jews.
What do you call a gay assassin? Ass ass in
Why was Eazy-E Straight outta Conciousness? He had N.W.Aids
Q. What do accountants use for birth-control? A. Their personalities.
Still waiting for mine to mature into adultneys.
What happens to criminal photons? They get put in prism!
No one is listening until you fart.
Getting my dachshund teardrop tattoos & rebranding him Lil Wein.
Little caesars in Ferguson's Is hot and ready
Where do the good guys go? The friend zone...
If life gives you melons, you might have dyslexia.
What's pink and sits on a piano chair? Elton's John
I'm getting my hacked GTAV account back! Said no one
Hillary Clinton
Three guys walk into a bar The fourth one ducked.
I'll never be mad enough to throw my phone somewhere.
Every program on MTV could have been titled "Jackass".
What do you find in a cloud's shorts? Thunderpants!
I swear to God guys.. OP is not a faggot
What do giraffes eat at 11am? Brunch.
What do you call a tight-fisted Wookie? Jewbacca
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks
Why can't PC gamers use Uber? Too many incompatible drivers.
Selling a french WW2 rifle Never fired, only dropped once.
What wind is best for footballs? Drew Brees
Juneau the capital of Alaska?
What do you call a horny homosexual? Homorectus. Sorry
You ever made love to a man? You want to?
Where I from? Please tell me.
Who just can't get enough of one liners? Coke addicts.
I shot a frog once. It croaked.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? *denim* *denim* *denim*
Dogs cant operate an MRI machine, But Catscan
Every woman's dessert order starts with, "I shouldn't."
Learn how to Wiener Boop https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exb1yVD8SHU&amp;list=UUq54nlcoX-0pLcN5RhxHyug
One day... I was on the front page of reddit
What do pelicans eat? Anything that fits the bill.
What kind of key gets shit done? A do key.
Difference between a cow and Russia They both contain Putin...
What's long, green, and smells like bacon? Kermit's finger
I'm not your typical teenage girl. I'm 35 years old.
"I feel so average" Tom said meanly
Have Egyptians tried unplugging and plugging Egypt?
Does the Five Second Rule apply to gravy?
Joke: The swearing parrot  geaNostra
What do you call a Pakistani music group? A tali-band.
A elderly man gets diagnosed with brain cancer And dies.
"Nazis!" - the History Channel
And the Lord said, 'Let there be idiots.'
"I was on Vine before it was cool." - Tarzan
What's the most consumed beverage by Syrians? Saltwater.
What is the premier dish in Israeli-Japanese cuisine? Jewshi
Where do you keep microscopic criminals? In cells.
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe...
My impression of a New Zealand duck: Quick... Quick. Quick.
"Life's too short to remove USB safely"
What do you call an unconscious computer programmer? dfghjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
What weapons do pengiuns have? Pen-guinades.
What is a feminists least favourite subject at school? Triggernometry.
I was two girls away from a threesome last night!!!
You must hate it when people make assumptions about you.
What do you call a farting fatass? Gas giant.
Two dyslexics.. walk into a bra.
How does Ohm conduct an orchestra? Standing on his head!
What did Jay-Z call his wife-to-be? Feyonce.
Can Happiness buy money?
Joaquin What kind of name is Joaquin? It's not Russian
Usain Bolt is already in 2016. Happy New Year !
Why are volcanoes mischievous? Because they erupt to no good.
What do you call a fish with no eye? Disabled.
Chickens are jews. they even sell their own children.
What political party entices most Gorillas? The Treepublican Party!
What kind of pictures do turtles take? Shellfies!
I have a hole in my sock... Darn it!
First date with a hummingbird: You're moving too fast.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
What do Irish feminists call men? O'Pressors
What's 5,000 lbs and sexually confused? A Bi-noceros
My math teacher said I was average. How mean!
My favorite Jobs: 1. Blow 2. Steve
What is the most popular candy in Rwanda? Tutsi roll
Dynamite fishing Sounds like a blast
Where do chickens go to get their coffee? Star- B-BWAKS
A deaf man and deaf lady go on a date...
I'm not religious, but I love God.
Two peanuts are walking down the road One is assaulted
You don't like her? Drink more.
What time do you go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty.
A cannibal passed his friend in the woods.
Why didn't the cashier get the punchline? It didn't register.
What were Marco Rubio's first words? "Hello, World!"
Two peanuts were walking down the road ...one was assaulted!
How does the Easter Bunny stay healthy? Eggsercise particularly hareobics!
Why was Pinocchio acting drunk? He couldn't handle his lacquer
Hyperbole makes me want to kill myself.
What did Voltaire eat for Thanksgiving? Candide yams
I'm thinking of re-releasing my old tweets in 3D.
Did you see the movie invisible? I couldn't
Seven days with no food makes Juan week.
You should've seen my bad spelling. That shit was [sic].
Knock knock. Who's there? Banana Banana who? KEVIN!
Where was France's military strategy developed? Toulouse
What did Santa get the day after Christmas? Diabetes
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
What do you can a pessimistic antelope? A cantaloupe
Noun: Son of a b***h!
How do Mexicans cut their Pizza? With Little Caesars.
My wife is constantly hiding things where they belong.
Are shellfish warm? No they're clammy!
The first rule of cliff hanger club is
50's kids probably won't have this... Parents
What kind of food do maths teachers eat? Square meals!
Elevators. They work on so many levels.
Where do midget terrorists live? Halfghanistan.
When life handed Chuck Norris lemons, he made chocolate pudding.
How many women fits in a monk monastery? Nun.
Why are jokes in base 8 not funny? Because 7,10,11!
Relationship status: my period comes more often than I do.
What's a Russian's favorite service provider? Sprint.
"I'd like to raise a toast." *Levitates bread*
This salad is delicious, probably because it's a donut.
Can you do smth funny with this pic ?? http://s27.postimg.org/8inkoc6xv/S6300633.jpg
What's James bonds fettish? Bondage
How do you organize a space party? You planet
What's Vatican City's national animal? The Papal bull.
What do Sea Monsters eat? Fish and SHIPS!
How are dildos and tofu alike? They're both meat substitutes.
I know who's Batman's real son It's Lil Wayne!
Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar followed by Batman.
What is Reddit's favorite airliner? Virgin airlines.
What is brown and sticky? Shit.
Have you heard this one before? Yes, twelve posts ago
Wanna hear a joke about Alzheimer's? Never mind, I forgot.
How do you blindfold an Asian? With Dental Floss
Kermit the Frog's favorite sex position? Pig in a Blanket.
Jokes about menstruation aren't funny... Period. 
Wanna hear something gross about USA? $18.124 trillion
I vote we change the name "hoodie" to "bother-my-neck-on-the-couch-ie"
Don't let an extra chromosome get you down.
Babe are you a clock? Cause you're the bomb
"What? Where?" -owl on some next level shit
It's true what they say: No news is Fox news.
Which ant is the biggest? Elephant
Have you ever eaten Ethiopian food? Neither have they.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket.
Whats yellow and dangerous? Shark infested custard
Knock, Knock Knock, Penny?
Two peanuts walking down a street One was a salted....
Muhammad Ali's epitaph was revealed this morning. Ali ByeBye.
Resumes are the most popular form of historical fiction.
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance worth? One Pence
Daddy long legs are the NBA players of spiders.
What do prostitutes work for? Incum
I giveth, and I taketh away. Why? Because I recycleth.
Prankcalling the NSA like is my refrigerator running?
Why was the broom late for work? It over swept.
I'm my own boyfriend when it comes to farts
All the jokes on this subreddit... are fresh and original!
What rhymes with orange? no, it doesnt.
What do you call A man doing Laundry? Non-existent
What's al-Qaeda's favorite football team? The New York Jets
What do you call a constipated German? Farfrompoopin.
[trying to unhook a bra] *kung fu noises*
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He received the gas bill.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Old bankers never die... ...They just lose interest.
I'll call bowling a sport when there's a goalie.
Quadruplets: Four crying out loud.
Why is it so cold in San Francisco? Giant fans.
Do fish get thirsty?
What is Juan's favorite book to read? Tequila Mockingbird
What did Putin say to Ukraine after invading? Crimea River.
What do you call a gay milkman? A dairy queen.
Why couldn't the cow leave the farm? She was pasteurized!
June is over? Julying.
What does E.T. stand for? Freedom of speech
Today's the day I finally get my shit togethe
Why did the pedophile buy a guitar? To finger A-Minor.
What is white and twelve inches long? Nothing
Everyone my age is older than me...
Studies show that woman are better drivers. Sike!
Where do cotton balls come from? Male cotton plants
I can see your camouflage pants, so they're not working.
What's a jewish dota 2 player's favorite skill? shekel shot
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lic-Alot-O-Puss
What does Beyonce eat food out of? An IrreplacaBOWL.
I've always been a B+ student. It's in my blood.
America is converting to the metric system Inch by inch
What do you call an honest lawyer? An oxymoron.
I'm obsessed with power buttons They just turn me on.
What's a 6.9? A good time ruined by a period.
What's the best way to fix a horse race? Evolution.
Photons don't even matter.
How does our solar system organize a party? They Planet
Remember Kids! Friendly fire, isn't.
Facebook is pretty much the Wal-Mart of the internet.
A man isn't complete until he's married. Then, he's finished.
Rectum.. ...damn near killed 'em!
*paints car camouflage* *stops making payments*
Wheelchairs A perfect gift for that "special" someone.
What do space-related scientists call themselves in Australia? Austronomers
What do you call a funny baked good? a pun
What are pedophile's favorite shoes? Vans
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
They should make erasers for Crayons called "Crayoffs".
How do you reject a French girl? Just say neaux.
test icles
Whiteboards are... Remarkable
Who's a good example of a Swedish Spaniard? Per Ejemplo.
Love is like a unicorn. I don't have a unicorn.
How do all racist jokes start? *looks around everywhere*
Have you heard my construction joke? I'm working on it.
President Obama to rename the White House
Jokes for the blind.
Why is 6 afraid of 7 Cos 7 has Ebola.
"Mounting debt" sounds way sexier than it is.
Guys, what's the most funny offensive joke you know?
Time to fap Ctrl+Shift+N
How do you make a hormone? You don't pay her
Knock Knock ...
To all the fisherman out there... You da reel MVP
Condoms don't break They sexpire.
My new wifi password: Whatsawifi Enter DWMC-esque dude/sweet scene.
What do angry beavers build? DAMNITS!
I literally use hyperbole seven billion times a day.
Hillary Clinton doesn't suck! Just ask Bill
Whats an ex-iphone user's favorite cereal? Apple Jacks
Passwords 123456 abcdef Password
Thanks god my wife die. hhhhhhhhh
What's worse than watching Star Wars?
What do you call someone who hates pencils? Erracist
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr.Dre.
What is a parrot's favorite game? Hide and Speak!
Abraham Lincoln is trending. Congrats to his social media team.
-1 8  3.14 And it was delicious
Which Pokemon trainer does Scyther hate the most? Red
*seinfeld voice* What's the dill with pickles?
Why did the muscle miss class? ...because it wasn't a-tendon!
I'm extremely grateful that spiders don't scream back.
what do you call a high Rowan Atkinson? Baked bean.
NSFW I Had Sex With My Teacher Re-Dux I'm self-taught.
Why are there so many trees in Harlem? Public Transportation
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
What kind of fun does a priest have? None.
What kind of deoderant did the nazis wear? Reich Guard
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't happy
Why wasn't Michael Jackson healthy? Artificial colouring.
What's all brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
My goal weight: To not look like a "before" picture.
What's Donald Trump's favorite dessert? Vladimir Puddin
Why can't midgets run? The grass tickles their balls.
What do you a call a pedophile at church? Father
What do you call a botched circumcision? A total rip-off.
Conspiracy theories are like moon landings. They're all fake
Can I ask you a self-referential question?
One day Ajay was feeling happy. Suddenly happy slapped Ajay.
Knock knock. Little boy blue.
What's the best thing about ISIS jokes? ...The execution
What's the capital of Canada? Tim Hortons.
I love you -My Dad
Q: What's gray and comes in pints? A: An elephant.
Caterpillars: Neither cats NOR pillars.
Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
I like my coffee like I like my Slaves... Free
The indecisive rower... ...couldn't choose either oar.
What is a spaceman's favorite chocolate? A marsbar!
I asked this woman if shed join the membership gnomesayin
A magic tractor turns into a field... ...think about it...
Why would anyone want to remove their laser hair?
What did the Buddhist get for Christmas? Presence.
Take your ex out tonight (one bullet oughtta do it)
What's the turnover rate for pornstars? 100%
What is a guy with multi-tasking called? Husband.
what's the difference between reddit and 9gag? A week
If Hooters had delivery, would they be called knockers?
What do you call an autistic stoner? A baked potato
Sport Fishermen Are all about that bass
What is a Mexicans Favorite book? TE-QUILA MOCKINGBIRD!
"LOOK, MA!!!!! NO DIGNITY!!!!"
Whats the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Reeves
Wanna hear a joke about cats? I'm just kitten..
Knock knock "Who's there?" "Dejav" "Dejav who?" Knock knock
Pancakes are just crepes who let themselves go after college.
Doctor Doctor everyone keeps ignoring me. Next please!
Never trust an atom. They make up everything. ;)
What are green and smell like pork? Kermit's fingers
What do you call a cannibal who eats quadriplegics? Vegetarians.
What is the internal temperature of a Taunton? Luke warm.
Global Wobbling now causes constipation http://tinypic.com/view.php?pic=2whgsnc&amp;s=8#.VCJrcPldWQg
Knock Knock. Who's there? *long pause* ding-dong ditch.
Why was the dog shaking? He had Barkinson's
What's the capital of Greece? Right now about $2.55 AUD.
I never know how much to tip a cow.
Why did Hitler shoot himself? He saw his gas bill!
I think, therefore I am. I shrink, therefore I swam.
I've always had a problem finishing what I've started...
I hate Russian dolls They're so full of themselves.
Sometimes programming gets dirty... holes[h].insert(new Objects.ConcretePillar(),  new Vec2());
Imagine being so rich you could afford the other monocle.
What are your best/favorite anti-jokes?
Beards are a privilege, not a right
DVDs died beacuse of Torrents. Hence, DVD Rip.
These gay jokes have got to stop Cum on guys
What do you call a pile of kittens? A Meow-tain
Two shoes met and.. They had a converse-ation.
What do you call a gay dentist? A tooth fairy
Spain at the 2014 World Cup
How does NASA organize a party? They planet. Sorry.
Trump winning the election I did nazi that coming
What did the astrophysicist say to the quark? You matter.
What's good on pizza but not on pussy? Crust
Treating testicular cancer.. takes balls.
What is a condom with a hole? Kinder Surprise
What does a ghost drink? Boo's.
Hipster fire department unable to make building cool.
I genuinely don't remember making you all this stupid.
What do you call two ants running away? Antelope!
What's Irish and stays out all night? Paddy O'Furniture
The worst thing about censorship is ??????????????
How does Bono spell color? With or without "u"
Waana hear a joke? Women's Rights.
What do they call Reddit in France? Ribbit
Are those against upgrading to OSX Yosemite... Anti-Yosemites?
Do you want to examine a whole colon? ;;
My wife gives incredible head aches...
Where would you take a ghost for lunch?  Pizza Haunt!
What do you give a sick snake ? Asp-rin !
What is Hitler's favorite thing to eat? Not seafood.
Nothing's Ever Right by Mona Lott
What do you call the girls who outrun me? Virgins.
Knock Knock Who's there? Ah Ah who? God bless you
*peeks under bathroom stall* How's the wifi signal in there?
Apparently, occupants aren't 8 legged pants for octopi
Knock knock Who's there? YOUR MOM'S VAGINAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Check this one out: 1
How do zombies celebrate Halloween? They paint the town dead!
What kind of thief steals meat? A hamburglar.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
50 cent filed for bankruptcy... That makes no cents.
A new, funny, original joke that isn't a repost.
Why was the nose running? Cuz it's a running nose
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit's fingers
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff...  Ba-dum-tiss 
*Skynet becomes self aware* *Starts a blog*
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit's finger.
Man Bun? or Douche Knot? neither, it's a fairy tail.
Idea: suicide note Mad Libs ("Sad Libs")
BNAG That's bang out of order!
"i'm not even that high." -me talking to the microwave
No, no, no. I said I was a 'peephole' person.
I own the erasers for all the miniature golf pencils.
Don't trust atoms They make up everything
The best joke of them all You.
I got stuck in a blender. Pour me...
Don't have phone sex You might get hearing aids.
How do mathematicians become engineers? You just gotta apply yourself.
what does the fox say dingdingdingdingdingding
How did I escape Iraq? Iran
What do you call two gay rednecks? Super Smash Brothers
No one has 99 problems. That's so many problems.
When we draw birds we basically just draw flying mustaches.
What does batman take in his whiskey? Just ice.
"Sookie!" -70% of True Blood dialogue
What did the racist ask Santa for? A white Christmas.
Why was the snow yellow? Elsa let it go!
SPOILER ALERT: Unrefrigerated milk goes bad quickly.
Where do you buy clothes for baby owls? the outlet
What do corals get stressed about? Current events.
What do you call a plane's vagina? A cock pit
tomorrow is national microphone day... check 12/12/12
Guess what? Chicken Butt.
[OC] What is Hillary Clinton's favorite video game? Super-Pac man.
What do you call 8 rabbits? a rabbyte
What did the frog say in the massage parlor? Rubbit.
I invented a new joke. Plagarism.
Women are like snowflakes: they can't drive
What's the difference between amnesia and alzheimers? I can't remember.
Probably the worst Rule ever is Ja.
I changed my iPod's name to Titanic. It's syncing now.
Why did the man's kidneys fail? They didn't study.
"Hurt me!" said the masochist. The sadist replied, "No."
What do you call a docks nanny? An Au'Peir
I'm not stupid
1 Direction. More like 0.8 Direction.
The government. Unfortunately, wherever you're from, they are a joke.
You gotta hand it to blind prostitutes...
How long do owls live? Six and a half books.
How do you eat soup with chop sticks? Slowly.
How much did the critic tip the waiter? Two cents
Where did the sick boat go? To the dock.
ur only a true 2012s kid if u remember kony
Man walks into a rod He doesn't understand comedy
I'm gaining weight for my role as "'Before' picture"
You scream, I scream.... The cops come, its awkward.
How does a crackhead order their whiskey? On the rocks
Dirty skanks are not prime mates
I don't trust atoms... I heard they make up everything
Osama Bon Jovi
*sits perfectly still for a 12-hour portrait painting* "Delete it."
How does the moon cut his hair? 'Eclipse it.
What are a ninjas favourite type of shoes? Sneakers!!
How do rabbits get to work? By rabbit transit!
Down with the metric system no more foreign rulers!
Jokes about unemployed people aren't funny. They just don't work.
What do you call a Chinese millionaire? Cha Ching
Born to be mild.
Jon Snow must be a redditor He knows kn0thing.
"LOLZ"? Really? Did you laugh so loud you fell asleep?
What kind of car does Yoda drive? A Toy-Yoda
Dry erase boards are remarkable!
My penis is a gangster... It cums from the hood.
Vodka mixes well with everything, except decisions.
Nothing is more dangerous than a woman "gathering her thoughts".
What is brown and sticky? A stick!
I see that your IQ test came back negative.
What do you call a black guy having sex? RAPE
"Real men like a woman with curves" - Fat Chicks
Drew Barrymore Now I just need to colour him in
Why did Snoop Dogg go to Germany? For Schnitzel.
How do people at rodeos heckle the riders? Moooo!
I rate the pyramids 9/11 Because the jews did it.
Why people don't use #YOLO anymore? Because they lived once
A scientist and a philosopher...
What's Jerry Lewis's favorite vitamin? riboFLAVIN
How do you make a bunch of Redditors mad? [deleted]
Million dollar idea: A bathroom mirror that takes pictures.
What was Beethoven's favorite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NA!
What do you call a rap battle? Black-on-black rhyme
What takes up 12 parking spaces? Six women drivers.
I like my women like Hawaii... Warm, wet, and Asian.
What is something that is brown and sticky? A stick.
Death. Resurrection. Saviour. I believe in Robocop.
In space, no one can hear your spouse chew.
I married a dog. My wife is a bitch.
All my potato stored... in /r/LatviaPotatoStore.
The boy and the priest. A touching story.
What do Marylanders call their ex-girlfriends? Old Bay.
Wake Me Up Before You YOLO. #RuinAn80sSong
Some family is never more than just blood.
In Soviet Russia, Crimea River.
Why don't lesbians cook? They rather eat out.
What's Canada's spy agency? The CI, eh?
Three Nazi's walk into a B.A.R. ...
Sigmund Freud walks into a... ~~breasts~~ bar
When does feminism stop? When the car breaks down.
Soft on Wall Street. Hard on Sesame Street. Romney 2012.
I don't really like Marxists... ...they have no class.
Knock knock new fone who dis
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind it's too cheesy.
Just donated blood. I hope whoever gets it likes wine.
Is my corny pun... A-maize-zing?
Whats the derivative of Amazon? Amazon prime.
Someone stole my coffee. He was charged with mugging.
Cake: the answer, no matter the question.
So a magician turns into a parking lot
A kid looks up from his phone... ....
Happy Independence Day! oh wait...
"Plagiarism Squad reporting for duty." / "Copy that."
Where does a homeless accountant live? In a tax shelter.
What's Hitler's favorite video game? Mein Kraft
Star Trek joke When the shields are down... Klingon.
Why do tornadoes move so erratically?  -They are dizzy
Who do blind kids boo at wrestling events? John Cena.
Why are rabbits like calculators? They both multiply a lot.
Why do Communists drink herbal tea? Because proper-tea is theft.
Islam gives Women EQUAL Rights!
What goes round the middle of the Internet? The e-quator.
What do you call 50Cent in Zimbabwe A millionare
"Damn girl are you?" -Existentialist pick-up line
You've gotta hand it to blind hookers.
How do you measure pain? In Hertz.
What is a computer programmer's favorite moon? Io
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaaaeeeeyyyyy
How's the elevator business? It has it's ups and downs.
What do you call a cow with Parkinson's? Beef jerky
What's a cat's favorite color? Purrple.
Sex ed in Texas
"Haha, you failed." "Yeah, so did your dads condom."
I'm starting to regret my "2015 FOREVER" tattoo.
What will be after homo sapiens in evolution? Homo genius.
Best joke in the world? Women's rights.
Jesus: *resurrected* Mary Magdalene: I have a boyfriend.
What kind of lizard goes into salad? A Salad-Mander! HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHILARIOUS
What's red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
Hey, have you heard this new joke? You just reddit.
What military branch has the largest biceps? The Army.
What's the hardest object in a kids playground? My penis.
Where do ghosts live? At the dead end.
Where does the general keep his armies? In his sleevies!
Where does the general keep his armies? In his sleevies.
What is common between 5 and 7? Brendan Sullivan
"My homework ate my dog" -student in python breeding class
Yo mama head so big it shows up on radar.
I'll tell you what is bordering on the ridiculous... Canada.
What do you call a female Israelite? A Shebrew
Remember when phones were fat and people were thin
What kind of music can't Ed Sheeran play? Soul
I used to make arrow in the knee jokes... ...
You say tomato, I say summertime snowball.
Dear God, thank you for not giving spiders wings.
Rape in an elevator is wrong.... on so many levels
Its funny how chocolate can make your clothes shrink
Boarding from what gate?
American Top Gear
(Entire joke within) Made you look.
What kind of environment do hobbits live in? A hobbitat
The Packers or the Colts. Take your Pick
Booster cables are racist Because being black is negative.
Johnny Bravo would be so perfect for Jersey shore.
"Everything I touch just turns to shit!" - Large intestines
Rhetorical is still a word, right?
You know what's pretty much the same as 9/11? 0.81818
Why did Princess Diana cross the road? Inertia
Are you alright? No. You're all....left
These jokes about.....
Be nice to kids. Seriously, they have guns now.
"Moooooooo" - bilingual donkey
Where on LinkedIn do I add my current gang memberships
What do you call a pig making cookies? Bakin'!
Atheists are Popeless romantics.
What do people in the hood enjoy eating? Spaghetto
I am woman hear me ROAAAoh is that chocolate?
What came in the mail today? Anthrax.
knock knock! who's there? i eat mop... :]
8 out of 6 people think I'm terrible at math.
Just a small joke Your penis
Happy Fathers Day to all you mother fuckers!
Why shouldn't you buy Ukrainian underpants? Cos Chernobyl fall out
What's a Christian's favourite guitar chord? G-sus
19 and 20 got into a fight 21
There are 2 things I love about women... Tits
Whats the dumbest animal in the jungle? Polar bear
Using a hot dog bun as a wallet
What do you get from a short-legged cow?  Dragon milk!
What has nine arms and blows? Def Leppard
Iron Man is a superhero Iron Woman is a command.
No pain no gain but also no pain no pain.
What's Hitler's least favorite month? Jewn
How do people with acid reflux complain? errr mer GERD
How does Furious 7 end? Paul Walker dies.
I used to be addicted to soap. I'm clean now.
*hires skywriter* YOU CAN'T BLOCK ME
Marketing companies should use chromosomes in advertisements because sex cells.
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
"Are you from Cincinnati?" "No. Bosboston."
And tonights weather: Dark.
I'm Not Arguing. I'm Simply Explaining Why I'm Right.-Women
Plutonium smells just like shit. Pu.
let me uncover this truth son-of-a-bitch
One time I exaggerated so hard that I died.
Watts a homonym?
How do NASA organize a party? They planet
My favorite mythical creature is the Honest Politician
cocaine jokes cracks me up all the time
What do somolian pirates use as weapons? Arrrrpg's
Where are all the people that just have one sclerosis?
Pedophiles... ... Are fucking immature assholes.
If 2 vegetarians argue... ... do they have beef?
What type of classical music do chickens like best? Bach.
What's Jay-z's favorite store? Bed, bath and Beyond-ce.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't return? Stick
Why are white girls so odd? Because they can't even.
Mmmmm white people - sharks
What kind of room has no walls? A mushroom!
What is today's special at Google's employee cafeteria? Alphabet Soup.
Tim's father has three sons: Snap, crackle, and...? Tim
See above is an understatement.
Attention fat vegans: Explain.
What do you call a stoner dinosaur? A Smokealottapottapus.
what's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
What do you call a capitalist Bernie Sanders? Earning Sanders.
What kind of car does Hillary Clinton drive? A Subaru
"Um, thanks?" -A woman who posed for a Picasso painting
I smiled today. I'm going to be so sore tomorrow!
They've been together for 28 years! DEEZ NUTS
'What just cracked?' A guide to aging.
What do you call religious pasta? Raviholy.
How does the train eats ? Chew Cheww
What type of cheese is strong? Shredded cheese.
I love corn! It's a food that always amaizes me.
I don't like abbreviations. I'm a real abbreviations National Socialist.
What do you call a shity poet? A poo'et
Don't let an extra chromosome let you down!
Why can't hellen keller drive? She's a woman!
what has Trump and Brexit got in common no plan
Want to hear a Star Wars joke? Hayden Christensen
What is Aloe Blacc's real name? Bye Bye White
According to my wife's diary, I have boundary issues.
The highest form of flattery... ...is a plateau
What did the depressed dolphin say? I need a porpoise.
What do you call a mexican midget? A speck.
So.. So a dyslectic man walks into a bra...
You think your wife is crazy now? Try divorcing her
Is it ironic that the definition of female... isn't broad?
America healthcare system
Push-up men's underwear. Taking complexes to a whole new level.
Hey everyone, Gay jokes aren't funny Cum on guys
What do you call a possessed chicken? Poultrygeist.
What kind of floor do dinosaurs' bathrooms have? Rep-tiles.
Donald Trump's campaign.
She has a weimerhi...wimerrihym....wimmerhie... She has a big gray dog.
What do you call a chica on the go? Chicago
What do you usually find with four Catholics? A fifth.
Pregnant - Beyonce Pregnant with twins - Beytwice
Why can't Helen Keller drive? Because she's dead.
What do you call a bad Cubs game? Unbearable
What do you call a vegetable optometrist? A sea cucumber.
The worst would you rather... This election.
What's a panda's favourite drink? Bambooze
Who pushed the neonate out an endometrium? Your mom.
TIFU by eating my roommates lunch Oops, wrong sub
Why is Divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it.
Who lost the American Presidential Debate? America.
whoops i accidentally spilled a whole pizza in my mouth
The safe word is "MMMBop."
Why'd the chicken cross the road Wtf Idk
What is an Hommish woman's fantasy? Two Mennonite
It's OK to pet him. Buffalo are gentle creatures.
What crime did the impotent rapist commit? Viagra-vated Assault.
What do you call a pro-gamer? An ath1337
What is a happy cowboy's favorite candy? A jolly rancher.
Yo mamma so fat collection...
Why did Microsoft skip windows 9? Because 7 ate 9
Want to know a Harry Potter riddle? Tom Marvolo
Virgins They never gave a fuck.
What's the difference between parsley and pussy? Who eats parsley?
Matter is the Real MVP m = V * p
Why don't hipsters shoot heroin? It's too mainstream
Who was Mr Rogers' weight lifting coach? Arnold Schwarzeneighbor (OC)
What's brown and sticky? a stick
You ran a half-marathon? Wow! Half congratulations!
A peacock is just a chicken made by Versace.
Has the Supreme Court decided on Man v. Food yet?
TOO MUCH PROTEIN? No whey mate
Peanut Butter Joke Do you pee nut butter?
You can't trust atoms.. ..They make up everything.
What do you call a gay Ginger? Flaming.
What do hillbillies do on Halloween? Pumpkin.
How do you get an Indian girl pregnant? Poppadom.
How do punctuation marks get freaky? The comma sutra
My home phone rang. Weird.
Which band is difficult to dance to? The Beatless
How do you tell a chemist no? Nitrogen Monoxide
What is Romeo and Juliets least favorite fruit? Cantaloupe.
Duct tape can't fix stupidity, but it can muffle it.
Logarithms... are musical, because they're all about that base.
What do you call an Asian pornstar? Wun-Hung-Lo
Bucket list: 1. Don't die.
school sucks 2/10 stars would not recommend
Google. Filling the gaps in public education.
My proctologist has PTSD He has seen some shit
What do you call lonely cheese? Prov-alone
What do you call a Robotic Abortion Doctor? The Terminator
What do you call a hookers fart? A prosti-toot
The SS officer went blind... when he did NOT-SEE things.
My jokes are like my women.. I don't have any
What do mathematicians drink? Anything to ease the pain.
How does a sailor suit? With a bowtie!
What is punctuation's favorite curry? L&amp;a
Those Islamic's coming to america? Hostages.
A man walks into r/news &lt;removed&gt;
What do you call an Irish-Canadian? a Mickey Moose
180 degree Celsius = pi radian Celsius
If you are afraid of pedophiles... ...Grow up!
Stop! Hammered time.
My Czech mate is surprisingly bad at chess
Whom hath released the hounds? Whom? Whom? Whom? Whom?
Why does Yoda like sheep? Because dey go baa...
A man tells a joke with no punchline
What does velcro yell as it charges into battle? ATTACH!
What is a hooker in Alaska called? A frostitute!
What kind of dog did Dracula have? A Bloodhound.
What has 200 teeth and holds back Godzilla? My zipper
What's the difference between Pink and Purple ...your grip.
Why is there no Windows 9? Because 7 8 9
Looking Forward by Felix Ited
What are Kierkegaard's two favourite fruits? Melon and Broccoli!
What do you call an indecisive German Shepard K Nein
Scientology: The study of scientol.
knock knock... who's there? Honeycomb Honeycomb who? Honeycomb your hair.
What do you call a hooker fart? A prosti-toot
Reposted Joke Same punchline as the one before
What's the pound's new name? The ounce
What is the generic name for Viagra? Mycoxafloppin
What's Tarzan's favourite Christmas song? Jungle bells.
How did Reese die while eating cereal? Witherspoon
I went camping over the weekend... It was in tents.
What doesn't kill me makes me smaller - Mario
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear? White vans
What is a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
What do you call a gay Dinosaur? Dead.
"Good for you" was said unsarcastically only that first time.
A man walks into a bar... ...and screams "Ouch!"
As a guy... being sexually frustrated must be hard.
They say diarrhoea is hereditary... It runs in your jeans
What holiday do Jewish bridges celebrate? Passover.
Oh, non-habit forming? No thanks.
Yo momma's so stupid she failed a pregnancy test
What do Russians use to censor websites? The Inter-nyet.
how to get Rich Stab the motherfucker.
*Tries to warm up car* Car: I have a boyfriend
My boss treated me like a missile Fire and forget
Funniest Joke Ever My life
Can you cover for me/ I missed my shift.
What did the DNA say to the RNA? Uracil-y structure!
This could be the beginning of a beautiful restraining order.
What do you call a sleeping pizza? A pizzza
How do you make stupid people click links? ...
scary Halloween costume idea: eye contact
What does a prostitute wear on her feet? Whore shoes.
"Superman's Dad" is the last stop for an actor.
"I love plates." - Plato
I'm so tired I could eat a horse.
What does a Native American Biologist live in? ATP
What car does Catwoman drive? A Purrgeot.
Do you before read your tweets even sending them?
Where does King Kong sleep? Anywhere he wants to.
My computer was singing hello.. Its a Dell.
Beyonce should have her own trampoline company.
What's the preferred beer of Dogme 95? Natural Light.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What kind of ants are very learned ? Pedants !
Today I Learned.... Jumble Boogie browrearrr browrearrr
What's Snoop Dogg's favorite time of day? Tree O'clock!
There's no better feeling than not giving a fuck.
Why is Antarctica controversial? It's a polarizing topic.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
NPR recently started a heavy metal band. 'All Things Dismembered'
What do you call a pickle that draws? A dillustrator.
If you lost my trust, don't expect that sh*t back.
What do you call Tums in suppository form? Bums
You wanna know what makes me smile? Face muscles
Life is like chess... We can't all be white.
TIFU in Subway Oops, wrong sub!
Why was 9 afraid of 7? Because 6, 7 8.
"I am John Lennon" - the Walrus
What drink can wrongly convict a black man? Tequila Mockingbird
How do you say constipated in german? Farhfrumpoopin'.
How does a black man laugh? They snigger.
USA has 9/11, France has 11/13, and Israel has? 24/7
What's Beethoven's favourite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NA!
So I was on r/news the other day... [removed]
You sell yourself for retweets, you are a prostitweet.
already regret the text i'm about to send
Where do epileptics get pizza? Little Seizures.
Simple. An Irishman walks out of a bar.
Don't let... ...an extra chromosome get you down.
Blood moon, shooting stars....I gotta move to a safer galaxy
BREAKING NEWS!! Cheese Factory Explosion... De-Brie is everywhere!
What kind of car does a pirate drive? A Yarrrrrrrrris.
My moral compass just spins.
How much does a dragon weigh? Wonton
What's blue and smells like red paint? blue paint
What do you call a sexually aroused caveman? Homo Erectus.
What's Darth Vader's corrupt brother's name? Taxi Vader
AKA What's another word for Italian cologne? Garlic
What's less funny than /r/Funny? /r/Jokes
Why aren't "Blonde jokes" funny? Cause they're stupid.
What do the Canadian Illuminati call themselves? The Illuminat-Eh!
Do you like snow? Yes Or Snow
All men are idiots...and I married their king.
What's The Difference Between Snowmen, &amp; Snow Women? Snowballs.
*sees lawn gnome cartwheel into room* *calls to renew prescription*
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Wataaahh
What's Shaking? Not Ali....
How bad is it to poop your pants? It Depends
I tried water polo but... My horse drowned.
What do you call a masterbating zombie? A Deadbeat.
If homework goes too easy you are doing it wrong.
What is Gordon Ramsay's favourite film? It's fucking Frozen.
Why does SnoopDogg carry an umbrella? Fo' Drizzle!
How to you read a book? Just reddit.
I think women are fantastic Every man should own several!
Pumpkin Cider? I hardly know her!
What's Rickon Starks favourite band? One Direction
What do you give a girl that has everything? Penicillin
Community college
There's no "u" in awesome... But there's always "me".
Pretty good one liner ___________.
Every dessert is guilt-free if you're a sociopath
What do you call a scary philosopher? Aristartle
What do you call a parrot wearing a raincoat? Polyunsaturated
"What's math?" - people who give 110%
Is your girlfriend wife material? I'm building a giant wife.
Do you know what evil kisses sound like? Muah hahaha
What's worse than a cardboard box? Paper tits.
Don't date a left handed girl... righty tighty lefty loosey
Boss: What's your five-year goal? Me: Paid administrative leave.
What a rip off. There's no pot in this chicken-pot-pie.
The problem with political jokes is.. They get elected.
Why does everybody love honey? Because it never gets old.
Who died and left America in charge? Hitler.
Keep dimming automatically, laptop screen. We love that.
What are Mexican hackers called? BanDDoS
Why do black people like the rain? For drizzle.
RT if your good at grammar.
Why are all black people tall? Because they're negroes!
What do you call a swiss priest? A Holy Cheese!
Her eyes said no....... But my roofies said yes.
How do deaf mathematicians communicate? Sine language!
The FBI, CIA, LAPD, and some Rabbits
what is Mozart doing now? decomposing
What is long, hard and full of semen A submarine
Have you watched the documentary about sponges? It's absorbing.
what do you call a fake noodle? An IMPASTA!
What is the driest soda you can buy? Baking soda.
What's the biggest type of tree? A Country.
How did Al Gore invent the Internet? With Al-Gore-rithims
What would you call a social media marketing genius? Masterbaiter
Ayy girl, are you Ohio? Because we should be Dayton.
I tried to grab some fog. I mist.
Let's name our sandwich shop after smelly trains.
What has webbed feet and fangs? Count Quackula.
What do vegan cannibals eat? Only vegetables.
Test Post Pls Ignore! April fools.
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea? Salad shooter.
A female plumber? Yeah, I'd tap that.
Don't post negative things here Electrons
Why do urologists like UTIs? It means urine business.
What type of bees make milk...? Boo-bees!
Jurisprudence fetishist gets off on appeal
What is Yellow and Red? That is *the* ultimate question.
People keep mistaking my "wow"s for compliments.
I was gonna submit a gay joke, BUTT fuck it...
What is a Japanese girl's favourite dessert Senpai
Why would 12:00 make the best cop? "Hands up"
Where did Pedobear go to college? Brigham Young
If you dont sin, Jesus died for nothing!
What do dumbfounded people eat for desert? Geezcake
I just watched a documentary about ships... ...riveting...
How do chinese people laugh over the internet? Lmao Zedong
What do you call a sick eagle? Illegal
First post This is not my first post
What is the biggest gender on Tumblr? Whale-Kin
So a irishman walks out of a pub
What did the mathematician say while golfing? 2 squared!
Where does bad light end up? in prism
Why did Princess Di cross the road? Interia
*opens new donut shop called "The Gym"* You're welcome.
Why do trees die? They become board.
What do you call a bee in the garage? Garbage.
A joke about Chinese censorship [removed]
Who do you call a really thin dinosaur? Tyranosaurus Annorex
Thanks for never punching me in the face, most people.
I think all crime scenes should be photographed on Instagram.
"I'm gonna cramp your style." - Menstruation
What does a confused student at Hogwarts study? Which craft?
What kind of bagel did the camper eat? A winnebago.
Where do burgers go when they die? Burgatory
This o is out of cntext.
The GOP debate
What is Swiper the Fox's favorite app? Tinder
What's worse than a dead lawyer? A living one.
Where did George Washington keep his Armies? In his sleevies.
You know who could really get a party started? Lenin.
Harambe jokes... Can we kill them too?
What's the leading cause of death among wizards? Staff infection
Who's Kony's favorite rapper? Soulja Boy.
What do you call a Reddit Psychic? A 4chan teller
Starting to believe that your family tree must've been cactus.
I Got Ebola :D Ebola icecream!
The Hyundai Elantra is Sonata Sonata So not a Sonata
I'm starving. I haven't eaten all year.
Fog is like lingerie for the sky.
When the cat's away.....? The house smells better !
Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad.
Egg puns pls Thought this was an eggcellent idea...
What's Forrest Gump's Facebook password? 1forrest1
How to always be positive in life: | life |
200 Catholics, one cup. -Mass
Want to hear a joke about ghosts? That's the spirit!
The comments are funnier than the jokes... ...
What do you call a black hipster? blipster
Erectile Dysfunction is hard to live with
According to my neighbor's diary, I have "boundary issues".
When you are hit in the... - ball boy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMMFHcRSjR8
Ladies, love yourself first or nobody will @MaleHonesty86
what room zombies and vampires can't enter? the living room.
If you're going through Hell, keep going.
Why do people procrastinate? I'll tell you later.
What's the definition of Polystyrene? A plastic parrot!
What is the most common comment on Reddit? OPs mother.
God Plays Golf
What kind of melons always have big weddings? Cantaloupe.
Baby's first cigarette!
You wanna read a joke? My internet points
What do you call a Female Clown? A Clunt.
What happens when an egg laughs? He cracks up
My Years in a Lunatic Asylum by I. M. Nutty
I thought "asbestos" was Spanish for "best ass."
"Daddy what is a transvestite?" "Ask Mommy, he knows."
I think my virginity has grown back.
Did you know? That atheism is a non-prophet organization.
What's a butt's favorite exercise? High Knees
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur? A Lickalotopuss!
Who has two thumbs and wears a mask? Disguise!
What did the necrophiliacs girlfriend say before going bowling?
I love u it's my favourite vowel
I don't own a turntable, for the record.
I was fired from Ford today I kept losing focus
Do you know the punishment for bigamy? Two  mothers-in-law.
Who supports Romney Bernie Madoff
What's the singular form of 'werewolves'? I am a wolf
Hey wanna hear a fat joke? [deleted]
What tea do footballers drink ? Penaltea !
What do you call a gay travelling salesman? Flim-flamboyant.
What's better than winning gold at the Paralympics? Walking.
I walked into my glass door today Oh the pane...
I don't believe in horoscopes I'm leo, we're skeptical.
The German radiologist always saw the wurst in people.
How do subscribers of r/jokes like their ribs? Tickled.
Hug? Said the bunny to the oncoming lawnmower
If there weren't any democrats... then who would be left?
remember swine flu??? retweet if you're a true 2009 kid
What do you call a Jamaican gynecologist? A Pokemon
What does a robot do after sex? Nuts and bolts.
I don't post for the karma.
What's a ghost's favorite search engine? Ghoulgle
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit The Frog's dick...
Why are pedophiles so annoying? they're just fucking immature assholes
How does a muslim man close a door? Islams it!
If meat is murder... ...then is cake battery?
I'm at my most Alzheimer's when Billy is that you?
Four Catholic Men... (Catholic Joke) [http://agentfunny.com/four-catholic-men-joke/](http://agentfunny.com/four-catholic-men-joke/)
i was baptized in a car wash
Why didn't Hitler drink whiskey? It made him mean.
This morning I jogged for 30 swear words.
I went to a seafood disco i pulled a muscle
It all. The title says it all.
How much does a Chinese dumpling weigh? It weighs *Won-ton*
"Ummm can you not?" - white girl getting tortured
Why is statistics never anyone's favorite subject? It's just average.
What's a mohel's favorite drink? Bloody D
BARENKATAPULT!
There is a place with a 98% recycling rate! r/Jokes
What do you call the beautiful women in Australia... Tourists.
Why did Hitler need glasses? Because he could Nazi
Throwing acid is wrong... ...in some people's eyes.
What's Al Gore's dancer name? Algorithm.
If you arrive fashionably late in crocs... you're just late.
Why is divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it.
Why is divorce so expensive? Because it's worth it!
I see your IQ test came back negative
Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything
What do you call an asian golddigger? Cha Ching
Pizza jokes are all about delivery.
She blinded me with science! (Specifically, a botched LASIK surgery.)
What do you call a limp snake? An ereptile dysfunction.
What's the opposite of wake up sex? Necrophilia.
Anyone here know of Gaddafi? Probably not. He's pretty underground.
Guys I guess October is... Octover
Can antelopes get married? No, they cantaloupe.
Saying "bukkake" when people sneeze is the new "gezundheit", honest.
Hey, Reddit! Guess what! Chicken butt.
Laughter is not the best medicine. Please take your medicine.
Very little scares me. So does very big.
What's a masochist's favorite type of pasta? Smacaroni
Who comes in the fog? Seamen.
I like vegans! I meant vagina's!
Two Hispanic men are playing basketball. It's Juan on Juan.
Who robs banks and squirts ink?  Billy the Squid.
What Pokemon gave Nintendo cancer? Pokemon Uranium
Donald Trump is not a rapist. He's an "alternative romantic."
wear a condom... i kid you not
People must really love this Jesus fellow... I'm just Mexican.
How would you describe killing an eagle? ill-eagle
I think I could get behind Trump... 's wife.
I actually have a good Japanese joke. Anime'd it myself.
Let's emotionally damage each other and call it Love.
What does the sun drink out of? Sunglasses.
What's a fedora tippin neckbeard's favorite country? M'laysia
[wipes brow] "Finally finished YouTube."
what is brown and sticky? A stick
What was Jesus's favorite band? Nine Inch Nails.
My friends most commonly describe me as "who?"
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A Roamin' catholic
Where do all them scrub gamers live? Pleblos
What's a chemist's favourite porn fetish? Propanal
When I'm feeling athletic, I go to a sports bar
IF SEAL IS BROKEN, PLEASE NOTIFY ZOOKEEPER IMMEDIATELY
How does a pregnant black woman fight crime? Abortion
WHAT DO YOU CALL A FAILURE? donald trump
What is Glenn's (The Walking Dead) favorite restaurant? ***SPOILERS*** Popeyes!
I'm voting for Trump... I've never seen a president assassinated.
What do you call a crafty pig? CunningHam
Dating tip: find a guy with a compatible charger.
Why did the fly fly? Because the spider spied her.
"Hello! Thanks for calling the urology department." Please hold
How to look at life positively |life|
I like two kinds of men: domestic and imported.
Dad, quick, call me an ambulance! "Okay, ambulance." ^^^^^^sorry
What is Jeffery Dahmer's favorite candy? Mentos.
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
Two young hot girls in bed. k
What has 50 legs but can't walk? Half a centipede.
*makes typo* *deletes tweet* *deletes twitter* *deletes life*
Is your refrigerator running? Because I'd vote for it.
What's brown and runny? Usian Bolt
What do you call a Muslim man's fifth wife? Harambae
I really like the Manhattan Project It's the bomb.
I'm always there for my friends when I need them.
My penis is like a door Welcome to all
What has 7 arms and sucks? Def Leppard.
What's the hardest part of being a paedophile? The dick.
Huehuehue SaturationSaturationSaturation
Sex is a big joke. I just don't get it.
Once you... Once you go black, you're a single mother.
"mainstream" = "white people found out"
Someone should invent bass gloves. So people stop dropping it.
What rating do pirate movies always get? PG-13
I'm 70% water and 40% bad at math.
My girlfriend doesn't believe in abstinence. Thank God.
What programming language do they use in Star Wars? JawaScript
If the shoe fits... congratulations. You've correctly measured your feet.
*Unplugs your smart car to charge phone
I really lack the words to compliment myself today.
Why Are Demons So Fat? Because they hate exorcising.
TIL You can't have a crusade without... USA
What do you think of Dracula films?  Fangtastic!
I've been single so long I deserve a bachelors degree
How loud can you talk? -Alcohol
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patio furniture
What do they call a Polish astronomer? Copernicus.
I hate bikes that carry two people. I can't tandem.
An Asian man's wife died He couldn't bereave it.
Yo mama so ugly she turned Medusa to  stone!
Does your train of thought have a caboose?
Diarrhea is the #2 cause of death in the U.S.
Velcro What a rip off. Joke by Tim Vine.
What do you call a magical dog? Labracadabrador!!!
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle? A polar bear
You know what else is pointless? Circles.
What do you call a well-written short story? Articulette
I have a joke my life
A black man walks into a bar and robs it.
Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
Some acids walked into the enemy base... Threat Neutralized.
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple..? Cancer.
What do you call a bad cow joke? Udderly terrible!
Hi there, I'm a human being! What are you?
A naughty thought is a terrible thing to waste...
Diarrhea is actually hereditary. It runs in your jeans.
Mayweather gets in a street fight... Wins by decision
Shockingly Pitbull's first name isn't Feat.
What does a gay horse eat? Dick.
How do mexicans cut their pizza? With Little Cesars
Why did Jesus walk on water? Because niggas can't swim
My GPS thinks we should see other drivers.
What do bisexuals use for transportation? Bicycles.
Where does the president keep his armies? In his sleevies
Let's make a collection of shock humour/disgusting jokes
When did Sean Connery get to Wimbledon? Tennish.
England doesn't have kidney banks, but it has a Liverpool.
ATMs should have breathalyzers
What is it called when you kill a chickpea? Hummuside
*reaches for the stars* Stars: I have a boyfriend
A procrastinator's work is never done.
San Andreas is just like Godzilla only Godzilla is invisible
"I'm really good in bed" -Ice cream
How do you make an Ethiopian grow? Just add water.
What does Sean Spicer call emails? Alternative fax.
Irish joke An Irish man walks out of a bar.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
Why don't white girls like trigonometry? Because secant even.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef strokin off
What kind of blowjob does a screwdriver give? Flathead
Of course size matters. No one wants a small pizza
2 guys walk into a bar. chef
stereotypes are like black people not to be trusted
Why was Latin afraid of Hitler? They were both dead!
Yo Mama so fat she's gotta wake up in sections
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
Is bankruptcy spelled with one "oh shit" or two?
What do logicians use to shave? Occam's razor
A man returns to his chiropractor "Back again?"
What is the saddest Olympic sport to watch? Water Polio
What do you call a sunburnt santa? Crisp Cringle
"Will, you, Mary, Me" -- invitation to an orgy.
how many calories does hating your job burn
Do you like web jokes? Yes - they're e-larious!
Why was red sad? Because he was feeling blue
If Russia attacked Turkey from the rear... Would Greece Help?
what's the deal with hairline food I mean sheariously
What did Pitbull ask for Christmas? Dolly.
A man walks into a bar and says... "Argh, fuck!"
What do female ghosts have? BooOOOooobs.
What languages do pigs speak Porktuguese
What do toilets yell when they ride roller coasters? Weeeeeeeee!!!
I like my women like I like my coffee. Irish.
Saturday night, time to get crazy! *shuffles Uno cards*
What's black and doesn't work? Decaf coffe... you racist
Two Pretzels walk into a bar... One was a salted.
Do you know what a Canadian's favourite gun is? Eh-K-47
What is a pigs favorite type of acrobatics? Porkour
What are swearing outdoor grills powered with? Profane tanks.
What's your favorite city in Thailand? Phuket, I don't know...
Remember when everyone died before gluten-free bread?
What's a ghost's favorite type of car? A Booghati
How do you make any woman wet? Liquor
What's E.T. short for? Because he's got tiny legs.
What's Mary short for? She's got no legs.
How do mob boss mules open doors? With Don-keys.
What's Mary short for? She's got no legs!
What does an Engineer use for contraception? His personality!
What do triangles do in the summer? They tan.
I am not well... ... neither am I a river!
Did you hear about Prince? He died.
What is the square root of 69? Eight something.
Twitter should give you rollover characters from your short tweets.
I like my lantern like I like my metal Core
How does a train eat? It goes chew chew.
So a baby seal walks into a club... That's it.
That grizzly killed the man with its bear hands
How does a Jew make coffee? He brews it.
Why did the mexican take xanax? For hispanics attacks
This Joke Won't Get This Upvotes
Don't stare at me during sex! I don't know you!
TIL Thesaurus is not a dinosaur
Your momma is so mean... she has no standard deviation.
Which day do chickens hate the most? Friday.
R/News that about covers it
A candle is my girlfriend... She is very hot
What's white and troubles at breakfast? Cumshot
Oh Thursday, you teasy bitch you.
I get Grumpy when I run out of Dopey.
*aggressively skips to my Lou*
Is your GPS supposed to sigh before it says "Recalculating"?
What was the Christian plastic surgeons specialty? Faith lifts
What do you call a Mexican baptism? Bean dip.
I was going to make a joke... But I fainted
Why didn't the spaceship take off? Becuase it was astronauty
What's the worst thing about Jonestown jokes? The punch line.
imagined Beyonce taking a dump and it ruined my morning
What's a North Korean farmer's favorite time of year? Breakfast.
Goals: 0) Start indexing at zero
"well that's a load on my back" - relieved slut
The five stages of Sunday: depression, anger, bargaining, acceptance, HBO
What if the weather talks about us?
Best time to watch German rape porn? Nein! Ooooo nein!
What is a Canadians favorite board game? Sorry!
What's all white and can't fly? Harrison Ford
The original Latin name for Monday was Thisshitagain. #littleknownfacts #alsonottrue
Does a bear pope in the woods?
There are 30 cows. 28 chickens. How many didn't? 10
What to you call epileptic lettuce? Seizure salad.
What do you call a drunk elf? Legless
A G N B That's bang out of order.
What does the sun skate on? Solarblades
How do you keep an idiot with RES busy? loading...
Every time you make a typo the errorists win.
Why do bad break-dancers get reduced prison sentences? Time served
A botched circumcision is a ripoff.
"Change is never easy..." ~McDonalds employees
I'm done drinking for good... Now I drink for Evil.
How can you avoid clickbait? Not like this.
Scientist found out... once shown the exit.
What do you call an environmental bicyclist? A recyclist.
Statistics show.. that 9 out of 10 people enjoy gangbangs.
Don't leave me alone. Alone: I have a boyfriend.
What is brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre
Why does 0=1 COS(0)=1
Back away slowly from the uncaffeinated woman.
What animal has exactly 12 grams of carbon? A mole
Jaws (1975): A shark is murdered on his vacation.
I like my Presidents like I like my porn saved
What do you say to an unemployed Rastafarian? Jah bless
How does one know if balls are ticklish? Test-Tickle.
How does the china man say "wrong"? he says "wong"
Netflix and Chill or ... Redtube and Lube 
Voted class president. Assassinated.
What's a Jewish pyromaniac's favorite explosive? A Mazeltov Cocktail
Why do men like smart women? Opposites attract.
Went to the proctologist ... ended up with a ;
I walked into chemistry class... It was Boron
I used to be addicted to soap... I'm clean now.
My pet peeve: ketchup bottle precum
What did the lumberjack see? He saw a tree.
Which state does the most laundry? Washington.
Who started the campfire website? Some bright spark.
"Oh wow, way better!" -Jedi Knight trying out a gun
My friend kicked a mushroom today He's a fungi
I just found out the mods' password! [removed]
I wear a cape because I'm Super Broke
What do you call a gynecologist? Lip Reader
I'm an archaeologist... My life is in ruins.
The fish's guitar sounded terrible. He must've forgotten his tuna.
What's a holocaust denier's favorite month? July
What's Dave's favorite music genre? Meta.
A customer asked me for a good reliable printer...
Police jokes are not funny So give it arrest
I win all games of strip-poker by starting out nude.
You can't make racist jokes No-one likes dark humour
What do you buy a recently neutered cat? Spay Roses.
Where do geographers go for a drink? The Isobar
What was the favorite chicken dish of Hitler? The SwasTikka
What time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon at? Tennish.
What does an angry chicken say? Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuckawwwf.
Astronaut: *takes a picture of the moon* Moon: delete it
What do monkeys drink in space? Orangu-Tang.
What's the most important part about a joke timing...
The coolest Superhero would be The Inaudible Woman.
I'm thinking about starting a feminist group. It's called Ovary-Action.
What's a pedophile's favorite kind of shoe? White Vans...
People who say "adorbs" make me miserbs
What club cancels their meeting everytime? The vegan club
I turned into a cat earlier. Don't ask meow.
Why don't terrorists shop at Walmart? They prefer a Target.
What do you call a sterile fruit? A cantaloupe.
*takes personality test* *fails*
*passive aggressively cuts your birthday cake asymmetrically*
Can a ninja kill someone from a distance? Shuriken!
Gay men are fucking assholes
"Is Pepsi OK?" - World's worst drug dealer
What did the Jihad name his concession stand? "Allahu Snackbar!"
They called it Twitter because Everybody Poops was taken.
whats 9+10 21 lol
Wanna hear something really disappointing? Too bad.
*gets several new followers on Sunday *adds Jesus to resume
What's Donald Trumps favourite album? The Wall.
What do poor people drink? Pover-tea.
Do You Want to Play a Game Buddy? http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/wanna-play-the-rape-game.jpg
how big is Jared fogel's sex drive? bout 5.6TB
Stovetop Directions: 1.) Use microwave.
What type of candy bar does Snake eat? Snake-kers (Snickers)
Have you heard that joke they don't tell gays?
What do Muslims eat for Thanksgiving? Quran-berries!
Reddit admins once ate a whole Pizza Hut.
What is a white supremacist's favorite dessert? Cake Cake Cake
I organised a tantra party. Nobody came.
Reddit. Now a tool for the NSA.
How do Mexicans line up? Juan by Juan
I said "I'm not going to repeat myself"
You're not going to believe this CLICK BAITED SUCKAHS
A Serious Issue Alcohol poisoning is a liver die situation.
What has two legs and bleeds profusely? Half a cat
An atheistic dyslexic... Believes there is no Dog.
"Seamstress, you come pleat me." -Pants
the road to Failure is paved with Doritos.
What did the Englishman call the hilarious Slav? Top Vlad.
Why wasn't Sean Connery standing? He had to shit.
I read my wife's diarrhea She thinks I have dyslexia!
Our breakfast is GEGS. Scrambled EGGS
Born free, taxed to death.
Why are cliffhangers always hated?
Jokes on her! I LIKE sleeping on the couch.
Why do Vampires hate Writers? Because they hate Type O's
"When it rains, it pours." -Shitty weatherman
What's the difference between a snowman and snow woman? Snowballs
I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
What's the Square Root of 69? Ate something.
How do you circumcise a whale? Send down four skin-divers.
School Meals by R. E. Volting
What do you call a jewish black man? Hanigga
Graphene can do everything... Except leave the lab. :)
Jokes about German Sausages are the wurst...
E-incense to mask e-joint e-odor.
Necrophilia Beer: "Sit back and crack open a cold one."
why did sally fall off the swings she pooped herself
Tom Swifty "My mom is my dad!" Said Tom transparently.
Knock knock. Who's there? Soup. Soup who? Souperman!
Kill the crackers...kill them all Old Man Ritz
I tink Therefore I am Irish.
What's blue and fucks grannies? Hypothermia.
What's a Brazillian's least favorite math chapter to do? 7-1
What do you call a fake spaghetti? An impasta
The rain is pounding so hard I'm kind of jealous.
What's a programmer's least favorite wind instrument? The OBOE.
My sex life is like the internet. Full of lies
Happy Let's-Pretend-This-Relationship-Is-Still-Working Day
What kind of dinosaur writes poetry? A Bronte-saurus.
What is E.T. short for? Hes got wee legs
What's a pirate favorite letter? Rape.
Why did Lamar give money to Kobe? Because Lamar Odom
How do you make pickle bread? With dill dough
What kind of a shoe has a problem? An issue.
What type of movies can't batman see? Parental Guidance.
Did you see the porn circus? It was fucking intense.
What kind of tea does water make? Humiditea.
What is a chemist's favourite restaurant? Rubidium's.
Wanna hear a really funny joke? Whoops, wrong sub.
I don't like damp things For the moist part
How do big yellow machinery fall asleep. they bulldoze
Where does the general keep his armies? In his sleevies
People with dreadlocks either love weed or hate showers.
This post is totally pointless circle
How Did Norse Marsupials Write Their Sagas? In Kangarunes.
What do you call a valet from India? Mahatma Coat
A joke A dyslexic guy walks into a bra
What gets a gold digger off? Goldman Sachs
What do Native Americans do for the holidays? Nativities.
What's your view on lesbians? 1080p
Every program I write is completely error free No exceptions
How do you request another Mormon wife? Brigham Young
I ate a lot. It tasted like cement.
What's pink, wrinkly and hangs out my underpants? My mother.
Looking forward to his next movie Night at the Mausoleum
Why do elephants drink? Well, mostly to forget.....
What type of bees makes milk instead of honey? Boobies
What's a dentists favourite time? 2:30
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? Wipe
What's bruked, broke, and fucked all over? The country!
A man walks in to a bar... He said ouch
What Do You Call Fake Spaghetti? An impasta!
Knuckle Tats (I) (H)(A)(V)(E) (W)(A)(Y) (T)(O)(O) (M)(A)(N)(Y) (F)(I)(N)(G)(E)(R)(S)
What's a difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs
I gave up masterbating I haven't been feeling myself lately
What state do most people live in? Denial. Myself included.
Who invented the telephone? The Phoenicians (phone-itions).
What's the number ten's favorite Spanish phrase? Diez mio!
My computer sings. It's a Dell.
What's black and white and red all over? Battleship Potemkin
What is the KKK's favorite dessert? A Klandike bar
Hostage jokes aren't funny... Unless you execute them well.
If you want my opinion ask my wife
What's the generic for Viagra? Mycoxafloppin
Farts are the air to my throne.
You guys wanna hear a potassium joke? K
I don't like progeria jokes. They get old fast.
What sort of violin does a ghost play? A dreadivarius.
What is Michael Bay's favorite chess move? C4.
Why was the condom angry? It was pissed off.
Who was the roundest knight in King Arthur's court? Circumference.
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? Denim, denim, denim.
Mayweather won. That's it, that's the joke.
I Nominate Lou Gehrig.
What do you call a postmodernist ravioli? An intellectual impasta'.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
How's the new Chinese restaurant downtown? Eh... It's tso-tso.
British corn maze scientist found out...
Did you hear the news about half-life 3 Me neither
What's a tick's favorite food? A tic tac
I can't decide which room not to clean first.
What does a bored Spaniard eat? Aburrido.
"Sooth. Sooth! SOOOTH!!!" --soothsayers
What do they call the Hunger Games in Ethiopia? Games.
once there was a king He was very Poor
What does a gay horse eat Haaaaayyyy!!
Aha, I see the Fuck-Up Fairy has visited us again! 
I've fathered 200 children..... in one of my reddit comments.
how do you keep an asshole in suspense?
What's Irish and sits on a porch? Pati 'O' Furniture
Yo mama so fat that black holes revolve around her.
Mountains ain't just funny... They are hill areas.
How many ants are needed to fill an apartment? Ten-ants
Wanna Know SomeThing Funny? My Amount Of Karma.
What is tangled rope in space called? Astro-knot
Female Viagra has been around for years... It's called money.
On this great new diet called "sleep through breakfast."
Falling from a Window by Eileen Dowt
Emo Kids: you've seen one, you've seen the mall
how did jerry heller order breakfast over eazy
What's drier than toast without butter? My sense of humor.
How well do people with mesothelioma breathe? Asbestos they can.
When you read an unfunny joke: downvote it.
What do you call a nosy pepper? Jalapeno business.
Atheism... ...is a non-prophet organization.
Cow Joke What do cows watch in the theaters? moovie
What do you call a marijuana robbery? A high-st
Robin Williams has died Thank you for the laughter
Which is the smartest tall mountain? Mt. Cleverest Hue hue
Imgur Servers
Why is a nosey pepper so annoying? He's jalapeno business
I want my headstone to read "loving wife, evil dictator".
Why do sheep love Star Wars Episode V? Because Dey-go-bah.
My attractive feature is that sometimes I go away.
Has anyone woken up Green Day yet?
Your mama so classless... She could be a Marxist utopia.
A dyslexic guy walks into a bra.
A joke my grandfather told me Women's rights
I've been tweeting for 10 hours straight...and 3 hours gay.
Why is Chewbacca bad at sports? He's just a wookie!
What does Batman get in his drink? Just ice
What do you call coffee made from coal? Tarbucks.
Q: What do you call Santa's helpers? A: Subordinate Clauses.
Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen SanDiego.
Why is it called a funny bone? Because its humerus!
Where do Neanderthals shop? Cave-mart.
Nietzsche's girlfriend said "honey, what's wrong?" He replied "nothing."
The best joke ever April fools
What's the shortest book in the world? Deutscher Humor!
What do you call a prostitute playing bingo? A bing-hoe.
What is a specimen? An Italian astronaut.
Where does biggest potato grow? Under the ground.
Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine.
Did you hear about the Italian chef? He *pasta* away.
Lice is the herpes of kindergarten.
Insanity is hereditary. You get it from your kids.
So baby Jesus grows up to be Santa or...
What does a Jewish pedophile say? L'Hymen!
*continues telling story that you've clearly indicated you've heard before*
What is 90-60-90? Speed while driving past a speed camera.
Have you heard about the digging poem? It's quite deep.
Anyone else able to tie rope using telekinesis? Thought knot.
Knock Knock. Who's There? Not Comcast.
Check this one out: **1**
You called me "muffin"....did you mean blueberry or chocolate chip?
Why couldn't people find Joseph? He was Haydn!
How do you titillate an ocelot? gay porn
If two vegans are arguing. Is it still considered beef?
Did you read the joke Hillary emailed to Obama? [deleted]
Why did Simba's Father die? He didn't mufasta
Why are horses no fun? Because they are neigh-sayers
Where did the Candian pirate live? Ont**ARR**io
Person: Raise your glasses! Me: Hahaha! *raises bottle*
My wife gives the best headache.
Click bait I told you it was click bait
What's the smartest cookie? Academia nut
I once told a chemistry joke There was no reaction
Brazil's congress. thats the joke, folks...
A retired husband is often a wife's full-time job.
What's the best machine at the gym? The vending machine.
r/jokes should have an allergy warning Cauition: may contain reposts
Worm CEO cuts workforce in half, doubles productivity
Me: Ur driving me crazy Crazy: Nah, I'm too drunk
I found a company that describes your dick! microsoft
what kind of biscuit can fly? a PLANE biscuit
I don't get "drunk" during the holidays I get "festive".
Why doesn't Ed have a girlfriend? Cause Sheeran
"First time caller, long time listener"Alexander Graham Bell
Guys.You can't make everyone happy, so just concentrate on me
[tries to blow a kiss] Kiss: I have a boyfriend
You'd better czechoslovakia before you wreckyoslovakia.
What's the opposite of 4chan? 4chad
What do basic cave bitches wear? UGGA Boots
ants what has 2 legs, and eats ants? Uncles
What is Alqueida's favorite football team? The New York Jets.
When everything else in life fails you, there's always Twitter.
RIP time spent on Twitter.
I hate racism and black people.
What's the most embarrassed tree in the forest? Oak wood.
Shaved my girlfriend's cat. Think she'll take the hint?
Feminine hygiene jokes are the worst form of humor Period.
Knock Knock.... Whose there... Fuck you.
I like my woman just like my cucumbers Pickled
"I'm in the best shape of my life!" -Newborn baby
Four Redditors... ...six opinions.
I'm great in bed; I can sleep for days.
Which of the Himalayas is the  shortest?
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The wheelchair!
Tried to catch Sirrus and Achenar yesterday Myst :)
What's a doll's favorite food? Barbie-Q!
What do you call a gay dinosaur ? Mega-saur-ass
Walmart pokes holes in the condoms to ensure customer retention.
Alderaan whoa this blew up
Bend over and take it like a taxpayer.
What does Sherlock call his friends? His Holmies
Two Zulu's met in my shop today.. They just clicked.
Why shouldn't you gamble in Africa? Too many cheetahs..
Why do bees hum? Because they can't remember the lyrics
What Has 75 Balls and Screws Old Ladies? Bingo.
What do Ethiopians do at night? Starve.
What did Jay-Z call Beyonce before marriage? Feyonce
A Short Joke jk
29 and 30 had a fight. 31.
What's Mr. Skeltal's favorite candy? Dootsie rolls.
What do you call a Rastafarian Irishman? Eamon
Context is Everything The irony.
What do you call a one-legged asian woman? Irene
few things sound worse than getting smurfed in 3D
What type of bees make milk? BOOBIES!
What's the best way to prepare baby food? Shake'n bake.
Life is like a dozen roses... it's full of pricks!
When is booger not a booger? When it('s not).
Chelsea FC
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
Why were the Indians here first? because they had reservations
What concert only costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring Nickleback.
Where do milk shakes come from? Nervous cows!
I'm more of a Coca-Cola person... soda speak.
"Live this Friday like it was your last."  The Mayans
Have you ever tried Nigerian food? Neither have they.
What's gray and comes in quarts? Elephants
When women cry, their faces look like half-chewed Starbursts.
Sometimes all you need is $500 million dollars.
How long is a pedicure? 2 feet.
Saturday wins "best day" 47,000th week in a row.
What kind of car does a cat drive? A Cadillac.
Joke about China [censored]
What do you call a hooker in winter? A snowblower.
Romanian is not actually a nationality It's a profession.
Why doesn't r/jokes like fencers? Because they always riposte.
9/10 people think that mobbing at work is okay...
Why Republicans cannot swim as freely as they want? Dems!
He: So then, what's your sign? She: Dollar. 
A man walks into a bar... Another man ducks.
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Spongebob Squarepants
What's the smartest pizza? Combination with Nobel peppers.
What do you call a blind dinosaur? Doyouthinkhesarous
What do you call a cunt squared? A box.
Jokes about death penalty.. .. Are all about execution.
Don't click this post You'll reg-reddit
The snack that smiles back! Children!
What is the biggest joke? Reddit.
What do you call a vegan zombie? A no-brainer.
What is a Queens job? She Queens and vacuums
What did the orphan get for Christmas? A family.
What do robots dip in salsa? Microchips
Calm down R&B singers nearing the end of your songs
Why was the geophysicist arrested? He was doing crystal math.
The best way to eat Welsh cheese? Caerphilly.
What do you call an unsuccessful Jewish pirate? Les Goldman
We grew up so poor we could only play Dungeons.
Trump for president! There will be hell toupee
Did you hear about the mute guy. I didn't either.
How do you tune a fish? With its scales!
what do you call a black priest? HOLY SHIT!
Age is important only if you're cheese and wine.
What animal should you never play cards with? A cheetah
What do you call a cold puppy? A chili dog.
The only thing I've ever made from scratch was dandruff.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it
What prize did the dead body receive? Atrophy
What do you call a slutty potato chip? A Free-to-lay
I'm worried about DeNiro's mole.
What's blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint.
What does Sean Connery call a greedy oyster? Shellfish.
What's hard, long and has cum in it? A Cucumber...
The uncertain pirate replied... ..."Arrr maybe!"
Club Sandwiches... ...Not Seals
Why did the chicken cross the road? For fowl reasons.
With Parkinsons... Every weight is shake weight!
What do you call a late teacher? Mr. Bus
Muslim officials denounce gorilla warfare Calling it "absolutely harambe"
Hot single senior citizens in your area need air conditioning.
My time-travelling uncle died. RIP Robert Mack, 1968-1834
What's red and has two legs? Half a cat
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's new house? Neither has he.
The dyslexic jkoe A dyslexic man walked into a bra
What comes after huehuehue? satsatsat lumlumlum
What was Michael Jackson's favourite musical key? A Minor
I hate being bi-polar... It's awesome!
The Hurricane by Rufus Blownoff
What does Shakespeare's dog eat? Iambs!
Nobody's perfect. I'm a nobody.
Why a fruit doesn't walk? Because fruit flies
I hate having closure, it's really
Dis'se I've contracted a disease.
Why are aliens bad at high-fives? Because they always klingon!
Nice tan, what's your race? Carrot?
Why don't sharks bite lawyers? Professional Courtesy.
My "Sleep Number" is vodka.
"Dad I'm gay..." "Hi gay, I'm dad"
If two vegetarians fight.... Do they have beef?
Some people should be recalled.
"Hey, wanna get hunted down by humans?" "Sure, I'm game."
Congratulations on your gold medal in the conclusion jump.
I take all of my relationship advice from Animal Planet.
What happens when a linguist gets sick? Plosive diarrhea
I'm single by choice. Just not my choice.
Adding anyone comment need to no my safari
TIFU Reverse Cowgirl
What did the perverted frog say? Rub-it!
Have you ever seen Ray Chales  Wife? Neither has he.
Whats a zombie's favorite drink? Egg noggin.
What do you call a fat physic? A four-chin teller
I like long walks away from everyone
What's the worst part about cumming in 2 mintues? Spooning.
I bet homophobic guys get reincarnated into condoms.
Did you hear about the procrastinating dictator? He was stalin.
What is the best remedy for cough? A laxative.
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
What does a sick bird need? Tweetment.
Did you watch the movie constipation? It never came out.
What do Romans use to cut their pizza? Little Caesars.
What is the wettest animal in the forest? The raindeer.
I put the "fun" in dysfunctional. 
How do you write "DO NOT TOUCH" in braille ?
Who named the Sperm Whales? Seamen.
Why do pirates like birthday parties? Doubloons.
What goes "Vroom!..screech..Vroom!..screech"? A blonde at a flashing red light.
What's the best blood type? Blood that is circulating.
What's Scotland's BIGGEST cause of depression? Lonely ness.
Success is just like being pregnant.
What is long, hard, and full of seamen? A submarine.
This isn't rain, it's God slaughtering a giant cloud.
What's Hitler's favorite video game? Mein Kraft.
What's a porn stars favorite golf course? The inter course
a toast to wives...girlfriends and lovers... may they never meet...
In 2050 old men will say bae'
Always trust your dog's first impression of someone.
Made yah look.
What is long, green and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
What kind of pie can fly? A Magpie.
What turns on mathematicians Big quantitties.
What's the absolute worst city to live in? An atroCITY.
Schizophrenia I`m in two minds about it
WHAT'S BETTER THAN A ROADMAN!!!!!!??? A ROADMAP!!!
Raise your hands if you just completed a gymnastics routine.
Twitter drama doesn't have anything on LinkedIn drama.
Why is Edward Snowden stuck in Russia? Because he's snowed-in
Talk is cheap because supply exceeds demand.
What do you call a camel with no humps? *Humphrey!*
What has two O's and fires? A double-vowel shotgun.
"EYES! EYES, BABYYYYYYY!" - zombie Vanilla Ice, snacking.
What kind of gay sex are u havung http://youtu.be/KWOk0xh_dV8
Can February march? No, but April may.
Did you know... Jesus invented cross-training
Hi, Faithbook! itfs  Mike Tyson
What do you call a Jamaican Proctologist? Pokemon
The Baltimore Ravens
Vodka is just potatoes that made the right career choices.
What did terrorists used to call Fidel Castro? Infidel Castro
What is a paradox? A small medical clinic.
I bet Jane didn't know Tarzan swings both ways.
I'm not asking questions for that friend anymore. Too embarrassing.
What type of pen does Lance Armstrong use? Uniball.
Wanna hear an Ebola joke? You probably won't get it.
What does an epileptic vegetarian eat? Seizure Salad
TIL: Diarrhea is hereditary... It runs in your jeans.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra...
Knock, Knock! Knock, knock! Who's there? Snow. Snow who? Snowbody!
Ever hear of "organic" grapes? Yeah, they're called Raisens.
If pornhub shows regular porn, who shows nugget porn? Stubhub
Why aren't orphans laughing? Because jokes aren't apparent.
What happened to the tyrannical peach? He got impeached!
Broken pencils are pointless.
Dear congress, please text and drive.#governmentshutdown
How do dogs like their eggs cooked? Pooched.
Why does bread not have eyebrows? Because it's bread.
truth is, nobody can parkour better than squirrels.. nobody
Where is the gangster egg from? The Upper Sunny-Side
What do Indian movie stars play at the beach? Bollyball
Did you know? On average, people are pretty mean.
Smoking kills. Smoking panics. Smoking tries to hide the body.
What do you call a black jew? Overcooked
"Um." - 1st horse that got ridden
I just did yoga. No wait, yogurt.
3.14% of sailors are... -rates.
Have you ever had Somalian food? Neither have they.
I handle stress the way cats bathe in water.
How good are Tesco's meatballs? They're the dog's bollocks!
Apoplexy... it's all the rage.
Only 2010's kids will get this... Measles
Why doesn't Popeye's serve spinach?
Bar Joke An Irishman walks out of a bar
Why is it called "pig latin"? ecausebay ronyiay
What kind of beer does Hitler drink? Neinenkugel
*Hands you a handbasket* You know what to do.......
That new movie, Daja Vu... Haven't I seen it before?
Why is "Dick" short for Richard Genes
Whats the most common breakfast in Africa? Ebola cereal!
How do chocolate labs not die of themselves?
What is an Italian redditors favorite meal? Fettuccini Alfedora.
What do you calla judge with no thumbs? Justice fingers
What's a pirates favorite letter? It's the C
What's a machinists favorite song? Turn Down for What!
Sucking dick is demeaning De meaning of life
I'll say it: fuck you, old people.
I'm not an alcoholic. I'm soberphobic.
I'm gonna stop you right there. - traffic
So... I want Ebola cereal... 
You Will Send Me Nudes This is on Reddit.
What is the Phobia for chainsaws called? Common sense
What's a communists favourite sporting event? Commonwealth Games
HIPPO: I'm really heavy ZIPPO: I'm a little lighter
I tried to catch some fog. I mist.
I hate passive-aggressive people. _You know what you did_
"How's about I rearrange your face?" -Bully Picasso
Welcome to Asia's newest billionare. His name is Cha Ching.
Anarchy Jokes Submit your Anarchy jokes below:
Don't believe everything you think.
What do you call Apple's next beauty product? The iLiner.
Horoscope: Slightly fatter than you were yesterday
want to hear a honest joke? barack obama
What was Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAND EEEEEEEYYYYYEEEEE!!!!!
Chasing the American dream... does not count as exercise.
What does a cow call his girlfriend? His significant udder.
You know what they say about big feet... Big socks.
My drinking team has a bowling problem.
Dirty joke Whats good on pizza than on pussy?........crust!
Why did chicken cross the road? Because Intermediate value theorem
Well...well...well Welcome to stutter class
What's a redditors favorite governing body? The Fedoral Government.
Why are we not injecting ourselves with Magic Johnson blood?!
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose
What did the lion say to the antelope? RAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Never date a tennis player Love means nothing to them.
What do retards wear on their heads? Handicaps
*walks into a brothel* "yes I'd like some broth"
You're pretty like a pearl... ...Pearl Harbor; all shot up.
What do you call a fake friend? a faux!
/r/Pyongyang is a.... [Fun and Happy Place!]
"America is getting snow? How cute" -Canadians
They finally created a documentary about clocks. It's about time.
How does an Asgardian like his parties? Loki
What would I do?
How does a baby ghost cry? "Boo-hoo! Boo-hoo!"
The milk is so good its Legendary
Whats a pirates favourite kind of wood?? Seeder
Why is Tigger so dirty? Because he plays with Pooh
Yuppie cannibals shop at Whole Dudes.
Where does the king keep his penis? In his deskis.
User interface? I hardly even know her!
User interface? I hardly even know her.
If a king farts... Is it considered a noble gas?
Do you know Mike? Mike ock
Shouldn't Spiderman have 4 more legs?
Researchers find a very smart blonde....
What do you call a gay Mexican..... A senoreater
Why can't a T-Rex clap? Because they're all dead
What's long, green, and smells like bacon? Kermit's finger.
What's your favorite stereotype? Mine is Panasonic
What tick likes to run? Politicks
Three seals walk into a club... Martyrdom
Where did little Suzzie go after the explosion? Everywhere.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Tryke.
Why are there no cats on mars? Curiosity
What do you call dinosaur sluts? Herpevores
Ban pre-shredded cheese Make America grate again!
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey? "Boo-bees"
What do you call a suicidal cat? Curiosity.
Can we just change the phrase "Transgender" to "Transjenner"?
I thought Game of Thrones was a show about bathrooms
What is the difference between ass-kissing and brown-nosing? Depth perception.
winter is coming the snow is what?
Rape. Short word, long sentence!
What's the difference between a elephant and a banana?
I'm terrible with directions. Fuck me, left?
What is the inner temperature of a Tauntaun? Luke warm.
The rotation of the earth really makes my day.
You had me at cello.
THIS JUST IN!!!!! Corduroy pillows are making headlines.........
What's the biggest crime committed by transvestites? Male Fraud!
Good friends don't let you do dumb things... alone.
What do pirates like to wear during the winter? Scarves
How do elephants smell? Really bad.
What's the answer for question #2? 2.B or not 2.B
A moderator is browsing /r/worldnews...
Life isn't a garden, so don't be a hoe.
Wanna know something about whiteboards? They're remarkable.
Redundancy: An airbag in a politician's car!
What is the best basket ball team ever? The tricera-hops
Relationship status: woke up next to an empty pizza box
What's better than seeing a woman wrestle? Seeing her box.
Fish are just mobile sushi storage units.
I bet the cooler math nerds call each other Alge-brahs.
Why are manhole covers round? Because manholes are round.
A dyslexic atheist screamed out loud... THERE IS NO DOG!
What is the smallest mall? sMall !
Gay guys are fucking assholes
My favorite X-Men character is Nicki Minaj.
Why did Snoop Dogg buy an umbrella? Fo Drizzle!
r/worldnews right now (Removed)
How does a fallopian tube take its eggs? (Ovaries Z)
If Hodor was black Wouldn't his name be Hodeedoe?
Im opening a DIY whorehouse. It's called "Go fuck yourself".
Why was Epsilon afraid of Zeta? Because Zeta Eta Theta!
Which bear can dissolve in water? A polar bear
Change is hard, especially the nickel.
"You make me so wet." - me, to my shower.
Who invented King Arthur's round table  ? Sir Circumference !
I put the "m" in illiterate
"I'm not really a big dog person." - lying werewolf
Are you the date? Because you're 10/10
Why is it called a Mango? Because Mancome wasn't selling
Pallbearers are Dead Lifters
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def Leppard
What is a male widow called? single
What actor do horses like the most? Matthew McConaug-hay
What kind of Dog does Homer Simpson have? A DOH-berman!
Womans Rights see above
If life hands you melons, you might be dyslexic.
When people see you as a competition, you already won.
I wish i was like my coffee. Rich and strong.
ESPN First Take - Patriots' Players Question Rex Ryan's Defense
Hey morons, when in doubt, just spell it "theiyr're."
It's amazing what you can accomplish when you do stuff.
I'm not that into rape culture It feels too forced.
Which nut is the angriest? The pistachio.
What's the best kind of alcohol for your liver? Nonanol.
Sign at funeral home: ALL SALES FINAL
Where did the word "etymology" come from?
What's big, black, and hard? A Basson.
why was darth vader arrested? excessive use of force.
In Soviet Russia, Russia Soviet.
How do the Chinese vote? With their erections.
Where do you store a werewolf? In a were-house
I've got a "bun" (baby) in the "oven" (oven)
What is Jay-Z's favorite type of seafood? That fish Cray.
The consequences of electing Trump... There will be heil toupee
Don't discriminate, hate everyone equally.
How does a cheerleader answer the phone?  H-E-L-L-O!
What's an atheist's favorite Christmas movie? Coincidence on 34th Street
Guess what? I fucked your mom
I have a love-hate relationship with hyphenated concepts
What's red and goes "Oh, Oh, Oh!"? Santa walking backwards.
I'm Going to stuff your stocking good.Wink. Wink.
Cauliflower is just cabbage rocking an afro.
What's a life without manitees? A life with out porpoise.
Boss: Let's be frank. Me: Dibs on "Sinatra."
The Filipino diving team.
What concert is worth 45 cents? 50 cent with Nickelback
When i'm hungry I eat food.
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar... Followed by Batman.
Yo mama so ugly The NHL banned her for life
What's red and smells like white paint? Red paint.
What do people in Prague call abortions? Canceled Czechs
Do you know two places to put water? Well Dam
What car do insects drive? A Volkswagen automobile.
My password is the last 9 digits of pi.
Why have they created sweet tampons? for sour puss(ys)
We get it, Japan. All of your cats can skateboard.
What do gay men say when they pray? AHHH **MEN**
Why are cats against abortion? Because they're CATholic
What is an Italian mobster's favorite cooking oil? Cannoli Oil.
Worrying over my viagra use Keeps me up most nights
What do you call a small parent? A minimum !
What do you call a big butt? mASSive
Why did Waldo go to therapy? ..to find himself.
I don't love my girlfriend anymore... ...she has grown up.
What would Jesus's favorite gun be? A nail gun
You know how to scare a bunch of bees? BOOBIES!!!
What's a comedians least favorite drink? Booze
The Fibonacci sequence... It's easy as 1, 1, 2, 3.
If apple made a car would it have windows?
Forrest Whitaker turned 51 today, his right eye turned 47.
What would be Jesus' favorite gun? A Nail Gun.
What is your dog's favorite breakfast?  Pooched eggs!
What does a "yes man" say? I don't no
Stephen Hawking wrote another book, It's about time.
What do you call homeless BDSM? Vagabondage.
What is faster than silver surfer? Quicksilver Surfer! :D
What if... Obama was secretly working for the government?
What's the brightest airship ever made? LED Zeppelin
Why did Germany lose WW2? Three Reichs and you're out
Here's a joke! My social life!
No child donuts left behind.
Only assholes shit in urinals
I've just made an abortion. I'm not kidding.
Which anti-virus software do pirates prefer? Avast, ye scurvy dogs!
"It's over there by the Walgreens" - directions to anywhere
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A ripoff
[flicks cigarette out window] submarine captain: you fool!
Where was Hitler sitting? Third from the Reich
And then Satan said, "Put the alphabet in math..."
Can I donate fat instead of blood?
The nsa Because they are a fucking joke
Don't invest in SeaWorld It's really starting to tank
nicole kidman please name your next child Teendude
I like my jokes like I like my pizza Cheesy 
You're like my hard drive. Fat and 32
What functions worse than the US Government? A Greek Bank.
Do lesbians ever rock and paper?
"I have no porpoise!" -existential marine biologist.
[God creating pufferfish] How about a terrifying balloon
The Irish Alligator His name was Croc O'Dile.
Person submits resume and gets a job. .
Why do women fake orgasms? Because they think men care
What's the opposite of irony? Wrinkly.
According to NASA Size DOES matter.
What is expected from ISIS women? Blow jobs.
A guy walks into a bar... And says "ouch."
What's a narcoleptics favorite game? Hide and go sleep.
What do you call a floating potato? A levi-tater.
*high fives self* *misses*
Whats the best way to watch porn? In double HD.
But, your honor... she told me she shaved it!
Where do Pandas live? On the road to Extinction.
Why does Snoop always carry an umbrella? Fo da drizzle.
What is a tampon's favorite food? Scrambled egg
What is the fastest mineral in the world? The malacheetah.
What does a memelord put on his sandwich? L-mayo
What's another name for a necrophile? A dissexual.
My drug dealer ... cracks me up.
What's the deal with Arab Airlines food... Emirate?
I was eating a danish... http://youtu.be/b5FQKsEgLnQ
Match dot com, but for socks.
There are 3 genders Male Female IMAGINATION
Can a psychotherapist fix psycho the rapist?
A simple "Fuck you" can save hours of conversation.
... My life up till now! Hayyooooo!! :/
Cane sugar is the best! It just can't be beet!
TIL 90% of statistics are bullshit, including this one.
What is a Canadian's favorite nirvana song? All Apologies
I like jokes that don't take long to read.
Are you the new English teacher? Yes I are.
How does Dalai Lama send emails? With no attachments.
What's Hillary's thoughts about her campaign? Iran, Iraq, I lost
Where do all the normies play? In the areeeeeiiiiiiiiina
[gets kidnapped] Hold up, I forgot my phone charger.
What do you call a gay light fixture? A chandiqueer
What's a Londoner's favorite seafood? King's Crustacean.
What do you call a fat computer A dell
What's Black White And Red All Over? A Police Shootout
What do you call a con artist panda? A bamboozler
Why isn't soap cool? Because it's basic.
What do you call a pig thief? A hamburglar!
i like trains thats the joke. HAHAHAHAH!!!!
Did Abraham's brother have any kids? Yes. A Lot.
someone stole my chair! deceitful...
conjunctivitis.com - that's a site for sore eyes.
The Emperor's New Clothes
Laughed so hard tears ran down my leg.
Why couldn't Ray Charles read? Because he's blind you racist.
4/20. Always forget.
I'm not a Grammar Nazi! I'm alt-write.
What do Africans eat for breakfast? Ebola cereal
What language do the Vatican Police speak? Pig Latin!
You need subtitles. Me to every 2yr old.
How do five gay men walk? One direction
What does the Saudi Paralympics team consist of? thieves..
What do you call a bear with no teeth?
Poetry cannot be justified. It's a typography joke.
I made a short joke today... It wasn't very funny.
Damn baby You drive me #4011.
A fish hits a wall ... Dam wall!!
What do Hutterites do on Halloween? Pump-kin
Lazy assholes.. They just don't give a shit.
What do ducks get hooked on? Quack
Friends with benefits? What, like you can provide dental insurance?
You know what sounds sexy? Six women... Dozen tit.
"I'm never drinking again." -someone who will drink again
How did Christopher Columbus 'discover' America? By occident
Look me in the eyes when I'm lying to you.
Deja vu is just God fixing a typo and reposting.
Abraham Lincoln is in a cent until proven guilty.
What's ET short for...? Because he's got little legs.
What was Bin Laden's favourite brand? Jihadidas.
Nothing cures a hangover like a positive pregnancy test.
Marriage is a workshop.........The husband works & The wife shops
An Irishman walks out of a bar... ...could happen.
What did Mohammed eat? His dates.
What's Piccolo's preferred type of car? DODGE!!!
Justice In China.
I'd kill for Opie's pizza. Unfortunately, they never deliver. :(
Which pirate makes the best food? Captain Cook.
Started a new religion Doesn't matter, had sects.
two men walk into a bar... the other one ducks
Bat Math Ha ha ha Bat math rules!!
How does a feminist ask for Halloween candies? Trigger Treat.
What kind of underwear does Severus Snape wear? Always.
What's another name for semen? (w)Hole Milk!! :D
Whats the difference between Facebook and Reddit? About two hours.
How do you get negative inflation ? Deflation.
What does the Illuminati smell like? New World Odor
Your neck. There's an axe for that.
What does RoboCop use for fuel? Petroleum
What has four legs and two assholes? A police horse.
Always trust people who like big butts. They cannot lie.
Benefits of dating me: 1. You're the smart one
What's a redneck's favorite kind of bread? Inbred.
Sh*t happens... I mean look at you.
What happened when the Italian chef died? He pasta away
What did the gay paraplegic take for heartburn? Rolaids
What do you call a nun using katana? Nunja.
What's the dirtiest language? Latin, its absolutely filled with *cum*.
Want to hear a joke about Russia? Soviet
Song Name?
So what if Putin fudged election So ve it
Why does /r/jokes love fencing? They've all mastered the riposte.
How do Jewish turtles greet each other? Shellom.
What did the cook say to his wife? I'm cumin!
Your first follower has given you away, parody account.
Are your parents siblings?
I'm hungry. Nice to meet you, Hungry!
What is Batman's favourite porn site? Motherless.com
What's the best thing about Bruce Jenner? [removed]
A man walks into a bar "Ouch!"
What's a woman's favorite monkey? Macaque.
Why are asprins white? Because they work.
Why are asprins white? Because they work!
Did you hear about the perforated comedian? He was tear-able!
Mary had a little lamb. She's not a vegan anymore.
Where do French lawyers like to relax? The J'accusi
I love comfort food. I'm going to eat a quilt.
Stop repeat offenders. Don't re-elect them!
How do porcupines hug? Carefully!
Rotisseries are making chickens roll over in their graves.
Joanke Its an inside joke.
Four word joke Boy scouts. Girl guides.
During agricultural revolution canines... ...became dogmesticated. AHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHa
Don't be fooled by looks, butterflies taste just like moths.
There were only 3 commandments until Moses' wife got involved.
So I found this funny joke today /r/MensRights
White women will buy anything that has a cucumber/melon scent.
What's blue and sings alone? - Dan  Ackroyd.
Don't like me? You'll come around. - Onion Rings
Where does Muscle Milk come from? Muscle mammary
I hate perforations They're tearable
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office.
"Eat her already!" - Animal watching people kissing
It's pancake day already? That sure creped up fast.
If Jesus was a cat we'd have nine Easters.
Why are mushrooms small? Because there isn't mush-room.
Rest in peace, boiling water. You shall be mist.
Spreddit The backpages of the internet
My New Year's resolutions.... Is going to be 1920x1080.
7yr old: What's 10+10+10+25+25+5+1+1? Me: Math
What do you call a young gold digger? A miner
Fat, single and ready for a Pringle.
What are you people doing? making this crap up.
My wife is paralysed from the waist down Insensitive cunt.
Be the change you're looking for between the couch cushions.
*goes down on escalator Escalator: I have a boyfriend
Some say money talks Mine just says goodbye
Why did hitler suicide? Because he saw the gas expense
When will the hospital equipment arrive? defibrillater
How do you think the unthinkable? Hit an itheberg.
They say revolution breeds revolution. Resistance is fertile.
What's the difference between a cunt punch and fisting? pants
What is 34.5? 69 for midgets
Meanwhile on Google+
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
The Lion King has a lot of Simbalism badumtss
What do you call a group of philosophers? An argument.
How does a crackhead lose weight? Diet Coke.
What does Matt Damon call thrift shopping? Goodwill Hunting.
What do 9/10 people love? Gangrape.
The key to a great tweet is attention to detale.
A guy walked into a bar... Ouch
How much does a Human shield cost? One life
I have a useless talent.
One of America's Longest Running Gags... Trickle-down Economics
Billion dollar idea: war.
/r/Jokes won't get this an actual funny joke
D.E.L.T.A. Airlines Didn't Even Leave The Airport
When is my wifes favorite day for sex? Tomorrow
What type of car did Yoda eat? A BMW i8
How do you make a prepubescent laugh? Heh, pubes.
What fish tastes great with peanut butter? Jellyfish
How do dubstep DJs masturbate? They wub one out
ethiopian food
Accidentally burned a calorie. Have to replace it now.
Click here for joke. Click the back button for joke.
I love hearing peoples' stories... ...I'm always chasing tale.
What do you call a German Barber? Herr Cut.
I guarantee you, this is a joke Donald Trump
Nick clegg themed toilets They're full of shit
*spreads toilet seat cover over santa's lap before sitting down*
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
What's Queen Elsa's favorite fruit? Cantaloupe
Why did the sheep move house? The neighbours were baaastsrds.
What type of pants does Mario wear? denimdenimdenim...denimdenimdenim...
Why don't ducks have teeth? Too much quack.
Do you know what Jafar's original name was? Male-ficient.
What is a nazi's favourite food? Luftwaffles
how does a robot laugh? 1010101010101
What is Putin's favorite new ballot? Crimea River
What is the black kid getting for Christmas? Your T.V.
Internet, you've made a compelling argument. Sleep: present your case.
What do you call a Starving German Woman Faminenazi
Went to the corner store I bought 4 corners
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not so sure.
What do electricians get for Christmas? Shorts!
Kids these days be like.. Hashtag, you're it
How long will a floating point operation  float?
What do gay horses like? Big fat horse cock.
If people smoke cigarettes, what do fish smoke? Seaweed
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spectator.
What do you call an army tow-truck? Camotow
What type of animals are put on envelopes? Seals.
What do you a zombie eating ice cream? Braaaaaaiiiiiiin freeze
What type of computer sings? A Dell.
What's the capital of Zimbabwe? Hyper-inflated.
Can someone please tell me????? What does the fox say?
Banana Shirt http://teespring.com/Banana-Shirt#pid=369&amp;cid=6519&amp;sid=front
Definition of Bravery: Accepting oral sex from a cannibal.
What do hookers do on their night off:  type?
How does a hipster measure out his drugs? Using instagrams.
Shovels are incredible They're ground-breaking technology!
Donald trump Yeah.
Death is a part of life... Specifically the last part.
What's long and hard and full of seamen? A submarine
Is life fair? Short answer, no. Long answer, nooooooo.
Ladies and gentlemen, Testicles. That is all.
what did the zero say to the eight? nice belt
Why do comedians hate noble gasses? They give no reaction.
What do you call a pregnant stewardess? Pilot error
How to piss of a reddit moderator? [Removed]
What's a white supremacist's favourite fast food restaurant? KKKFC
Knock knock I can't believe you felt for it :)
What is the definition of trust? Gay cannibals
very productive day today, turd-wise
"Where do you see yourself in five years?" In 2020.
The Hunger Games Don't they play those in Africa?
"Roses are red, violets are blue, fuck you whore."
Bats are just rats who had too much Red Bull.
What is Kylo Ren's favorite drink? Supreme Liter Coke.
What car does Boba Fett drive? A ManDeLorean!
RIP Boiling Water You will be mist
Unexpectedly meeting a celebrity is cool, unless.... It's Chris Hansen.
what sex position produces the ugliest children? ask your parents
What do you call a gathering of otolaryngologists? An ENTmoot.
viscoelasticity is a bit creepy
Ellen Pao.
When life gives you melons... ... you might be dyslexic.
Here's how clickbait works
What is the world's leading cause of hearing loss? Religion.
Gave this artichoke the heimlich maneuver and now he's artiokay.
God gives everyone a hot cousin to test us.
What do you call a fake noodle?... An Impasta!
What did the salt say to the pepper? Season's greetings!
Appendi Appendii Appendiii Appendiv Appendv Appendvi Appendvii Appendviii Appendix
You take the oxy out of oxymoron
What do you call a septic cat? pussy.
Tech support in the military Troubleshoot to kill.
What do you call the Hamburglar's accomplice? hamburglar helpler
What's a bees favourite novel ? The Great Gats-bee !
What do blind people drive? A cataract.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalottapuss
What did one ISIS member say to another? "IED mubarak.."
The chicken's egg never hatched... It was a bad yoke.
Dad i know I'm adopted Hi adopted, I'm not dad
What do turtles do for fun? Play hide and shell.
When fighting with a clown, always go for the juggler.
Wanna hear a joke about reddit and clickbait?
Condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion.
"My microwave is broken" -Abraham Lincoln
This is a really good joke April fools!
What is the Easter Bunny's favourite sport?  Basket-ball of course!
Why have all the immigrants left? They had no rights.
Why are reddittors so environmentally friendly?... Because the recycle everything!
I like my women like I like my eggs. Beaten.
I used to be schizophrenic. But we are ok now.
Why are there trees in Harlem? Public Transport
What's pirates' favourite meme? Ayy lmao
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word? 
Purse dogs... I've heard they're pretty clutch.
Don't feel sad...don't feel blue... Frankenstein was ugly too...
What's an oven's favorite comedy routine? Deadpan.
Practicing my "Eye Rolling" cause you know... tomorrow's Monday.
Woke up so hungry I could eat my own cooking!
What comes after 69? Neither Alan Rickman nor David Bowie
New diet plan: murder all the skinny people.
Once you've seen one shopping center... ...you've seen a mall.
What do you call an elf that sings? A wrapper.
Why do rednecks love Halloween? They get to pump-kin.
What's the riddle? What has a foot but no legs?
Why is blackmail called blackmail? Because it isn't fair.
Your as worthless as, Tits on a boar hog.
Does your state have less water than California? Drought it.
What do you call someone who's only part Jew? Jewish
How do farmers count their cows? With a Cowculator!!
Relationship status  table for one but drinks for two.
Where do Dalmatians get their music from? Spotify.
Is that gluten free? You mean Kosher for Passover, right?
I don't drink anymore ...or any less, still too much.
I'm not your GameBoy, quit pushing my buttons
What kind of olives do I like? Olive them
Sodium...Sodium...Sodium...Sodium...Sodium... Batman!
What's orange and can't climb a tree? Donald Trump.
I hate w.hen my period comes early
What do you call a Vicar on a motorbike? Rev
Why can't Obama dance? Cause he has two leftist feet.
Opinions are like assholes... sometimes you need a second asshole
What's a ghost's favorite data type? BOO-lean!
Ellen Pao's husband
What is a gay boxer's favorite drink? Fruity punch
Chuck Norris can hold his breathe for nine years.
What do you call a mentally challenged Jew? Auschwistic
What's the most common blood type in Canada? Eh.
What's black, white, and red all over? A dying nun.
Who's the world's greatest underwater spy? Pond. James Pond.
What's more illegal than marijuana? My Mexican neighbor
[Interview] "Describe yourself in one word." Me: Lethargic.
What does C3PO stand for? Because he's got rusty knees.
What's brown, and ryhmes with Snoop? Dr. Dre......
Happy April Fools Day! April Fools it's March 31st.
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
Why are campers so predictable? You know they're in tents.
Reddit servers... Sorry if repost
What's A Pirate's Favorite thing too do? Hook up
[offensive] What is a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country
No longer bothered by my puns ... she's groan immune.
What did Sigmund Freud do for mother's day? His mom.
What's a dick's favorite song? You're so vein.
What's long, hard, and full of seamen? A submarine.
What's Canada's favorite board game? Sorry
My friend says she's doing good but she means well
I dance like people wish they weren't watching.
Homeless people have been known to step outside the box.
Lone crow arrested... ... For attempted murder
Once you've seen one shopping centre... You've seen the mall.
What's the capital of Greece? About 10 dollars.
What animal's alphabet is just like ours? A Baby Ceel's
Giving my liver a Rocky Balboa style pep talk
Science flies you to the moon.
Jokes about women aren't funny... Period.
What do you call jokes that belong to everyone? /r/Jokes
What's it called when you a kill a sapling? Arbortion
Where does a Turkey live? A coup.
Whats the most common day to get sick on? Achoosday
What's a specimen? Mama mia, it's an Italian astronaut!
What Did the Dog Say to the Chipmunk? Woof.
In a progressively incestuous household... ...it's about upping the auntie
One word to overcomplicate clickbait. [Inception](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3ywg0j/one_word_to_overcomplicate_clickbait/)
What do you call a religious dairy farmer? Cheesus Christ
I got Arnold Schwarzenegger into Baroque music... He'll be Bach.
What's a composer's favourite childhood game? Haydn seek.
How do you blindfold an Asian? With dental floss.
What's Whitney Houstons's favourite type of co-ordination? HAND-EEEEEYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEE
Where do you put the Duke? In the duke box!
What did the pig call a manuscript? A shoat story.
Why does Donald Trump take xanax? For hispanic attacks
What's a dyslexic stoner's favorite phone brand? HTC.
Never doubt a Woman with an extensive vocabulary.
My pants are also my iPhone grease wipes.
The problem with some people is that they're alive.
A closed mouth gathers no fries.
What is my favorite rhetorical question?
If time is money are ATM's time machines?
Why doesn't Achilles have any scars? His wounds always heel.
What criminal doesn't take baths? A dirty crook.
The thief who stole my calendar... Got 12 months.
Need a punchline. And.... Go! http://i.imgur.com/t57uK.jpg
what's a banana's favorite gymnastic event? The splits
What do you call a green polo shirt? Collared greens
Save some a's for the rest of us, Aarons.
"Let's make sure there's 3 miles of handicap parking." -Walmart
Some asshole just clogged my toilet
what do you call female-to-male sexual reassignment surgery? an addadicktomy
What's Pac-Man's favourite holiday destination? [Wagga Wagga](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wagga_Wagga)
How do you spell "apathy"? I don't care.
Tragic: In the world every 60 seconds... ...One minute passes.
Welcome to Cupcake Yoga! NomNomaste.
Breaking News: Siamese twins sign for Man United.
Kenya? Yukon.
My mute friend told me a funny joke.
How do furries have sex? Fur-nication!
Goldsmiths, what is your profession? Au, Au, Au.
Who drives away all of his customers? A taxicab driver.
What is the TSA's favorite movie? Inspection.
Teachers call me a fish because I'm below C level
Why are wires addicted to electricity? They can't resist.
Alcohol is a misunderstood vitamin.
I'd tell you a joke about fellatio, but it sucks.
I don't do hard liquor... ...I liquor hard
Dear Reddit, what your least favorite punchlines? Whoops, wrong sub
You're IQ's lower than your shoe size.
If you arrive fashionably late in crocs... You're just late
Define Irony: The opposite of wrinkly
What vegetable needs a plumber? A leek.
Do you want to hear a joke? Women's rights.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish
What is Fortunato's one weakness? Cryptonight.
How much is the bare minimum? 1 bear.
Has anybody told raccoons about crosswalks?
Sometimes when I go to a buffet... I tip myself.
How do you remember your wedding anniversary? Forget it once.
What was Hitler's favourite beer? Pure blonde
what does clark kent have for breakfast? alter-eggos
Blind snipers have no idea what they're missing.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only Tennessee.
Two guys walk into a bar the third one ducks
Ebola walks into a bar.... ....and all of West Africa
What every man wants to hear after sex:
What's a good Mexican joke?
What kind of pig do sows dislike? Male Chauvinist Pigs.
What do gay horses eat? Horse dick
What do you call spaghetti made by Jamaican? Rasta Pasta.
A programmer goes on a walk XD
RIP is the LOL of dying...
Diarrhea runs in your genes.
Before Facebook, you had to "like" things with your feelings.
Avoid sexist comments... Chicks hate that.
What do horses drink at the bar? Chardon-neigh
What do you call a cheap vasectomy? A rip off.
What is Forest Gump's password? 1forest1
What are baby witches called?  Halloweenies.
Top ten Instagrams are of young women http://dadaviz.com/i/3971 *exclusions apply
Are you Christmas, because I want to Merry you.
what did the atheist say to the agnostic Pussy
How did Charlie Sheen get HIV? By injecting tiger blood
Who was the last President of China? Yes he was.
What goes "clip-clop-clip-clop-bang?" An Amish drive by.
Jewish Mathematics.
French Guns for sale! Never Fired, dropped only once.
What type of jokes do Sikhs hate? Puns
Your girlfriend isn't hallucinating man, she's actually seeing other people.
What if lollipops moaned when you licked them?
I consider myself to be... a reflexive pronoun.
What kind of whale flies? Pilot whales!
My arm is asleep. Let's draw mustaches on it.
What does an old lady's crotch taste like? Depends.
What moisturiser do bullfighters use? Olay.
What do fishermen do at a their conferences? Network.
What's Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination? HAND-EEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEE
Twitter goes over capacity more than Kirstie Alley's home elevator.
*gets toy out of packaging, earns engineering degree
How high is a stoner sailor? Sea Level.
Where do cows go when they die? Burgertory
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
TIFU by eating someone else's subway sandwich. Oops, wrong sub.
What do computers eat when they get hungry?  Chips.
I read a couple of interesting articles... "A" and "The"
What do you call a fat Irish family? The o'Beses.
You want to hear a paper pun? It's tearable.
Had to fire my personal Trainer. He dint do squat.
What did the lonely lumberjack use to get laid? TINDERRRRR!!!!
Sometimes I enjoy my steak undercooked, but that's rare.
I just shook my keyboard upside down. Breakfast is served.
What kind of overalls does mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
What do you call a Germany virgin? Good 'n' Tight
Why is Diarrhea hereditary? it runs in your genes.
Why are you all sweaty? I was watching cops
The Garlic Eater by I Malone
What do you call a cross dressed robot? Android-gynous
Wanna Hear a Joke? Women's Rights. (jk)
Why did the feminist refuse a back rub? Too massagynistic
i don't always add and multiply, just sum times
Michael J. Fox's backup job plan. Become a Living vibrator.
The Flat Earth Community has supporters all around the globe.
What does Kim Jong Un do when he's angry? [removed]
What do you call a slutty Bee A Whorenet
It's weird to sit and not eat, right?
Hedgehogs Why can't they just share the hedge.
What deadly disease can bowls contract? Ebowla
Chuck Norris Jokes http://chuck-norris-jokes.com/
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash.
What do you call Italian marijuana? A pizza joint
What's in a honeymoon salad? Lettuce alone, without dressing ...
What do you call a lesbian with fat fingers? Hung
How do you say "bra" in German? Stopsemfromfloppin
What's a golf club's favorite type of music? Swing!
There are two girls sitting at a bar, quietly.
Everyone is furious about Trump's greatest crime: Beating a woman
How do frogs die ? They kermit suidide !
Jessica Biel's dad's first name is Batmo.
I just realized something about how I browse Reddit
I've never seen a chameleon. Good job, chameleons.
Seize the day! *Sees the day, goes back to bed*
I need a 6 month vacation, twice a year
I'm not needy. I'm wanty.
What do you call camp for starving cats? Meow-schwitz.
Scottish Independence
I was born during the great depression... My mothers.
What's a pirates favorite letter?
Whats blue and slippery? A blue slipper
What's the pope's favorite power tool? A cathedrill
What does an aardvark get when he overeats? Ant-digestion!
What kind of computer says "Hello"? A Dell
I fake all my origamis.
Coolest part of a space ship is the RADiator.
Your inspirational tweet inspired me to block you.
What do... Gay horses eat...?? Hey!!
Jews rated their trip to auschwitz It was one star
Ideas that aren't profitable Don't make any cents
What did Jesus say to Peter? Hebrew
Drugs are bad...when they wear off.
What does a new Tesla car smells like? Elon Musk
What did the number 0 say to 8. Nice belt.
What's Brown and sounds like a bell?...DUNG!
Where do we keep our thoughts detained? In brain cells!
Tell the punchline first. How do you ruin a joke?
What do you call a urinating khalif. Wiz Khalifa
I hung out with a mushroom today. What a fungi.
What's a bananas favourite business to own? A peel-estate business
What is a pirates favorite firework? M80
If life gives you melons. You're probably dyslexic.
Musical Contradiction Piano is my forte.
RIP 2012 (2012-2012)
What does a greek say when gets his salary? Danke!
What was Jesus's least favourite exercise class? Pontius Pilates.
You know what's been making headlines? Corduroy pillows
Let's call Trump the "Second Place President." He'll love that.
Hey Tim Burton, it's okay to be out of ideas.
"I do." "Same." - wedding vows in 2030
How do you make a witch pregnant? Fuck her!
Donald Trump walks into a Mexican Bar.
What's black, red, and blue all over? Rihanna.
What's a roosters favorite sport? Professional Cock Soccer.
What do you call safe sex with a horse Trojan
How does someone pay for a painting? With Monet
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay her.
What does an 80 year old lesbian taste like? Depends
Just spilled red wine ALL OVER my insides.
Turn that Robert Frowney Jr upside Downey Jr.
Call your laptop what it really is: Bed TV.
How do you say "fuck you" in Hebrew? Trust me
My drug dealer really cracks me up. Ayyy.
What do you call a Mexican Jedi? The chosen Juan.
TIL Mine sweeper (game) was invested in Pakistan
I would lose weight, but I hate losing.
Why's everyone hating Mayweather, I think it feels great out
I'm gonna win that PS4 from Taco Bell tomorrow
I'm really into Chomsky, Noam sayin'?
What lights up a football stadium? A football match!
Why are programmers good husbands? Because they're good at commiting.
Bury it... ...it's my dad's 'dead joke'.
This post has nothing to do with elephants. It's irrelephant.
What is a Jedi's favorite car company? Toyoda
How do you make a baker cry? Kill his family
Why does Garfield hate Mondays? He doesn't have a job.
What's Elon Musk's favorite band? The Cult.
What is grey and comes in quarts? an elephant.
What day does an Easter egg hate the most? Fry-days.
What do you call a failed resistance? Ohmless
What's a Jedi's favourite programming language? JabbaScript
Bjork is my favourite singer-songwriter/IKEA side table.
Here's my complete guide to art of trolling. Enjoy!
What did the ghost say to the bee? Boobee!
*Searches "Yahoo" on Yahoo until Yahoo has an orgasm*
Lol at birds that walk places.
My new thesaurus is terrible. It's also terrible.
For Sale: 5yr old BMW Turn signals like new!
Which fish can perform operations ? A Sturgeon !
Today I broke my leg but it's going tibia okay
Fey items are full of irony.
Do you like Taco Bell? Then you'll LOVE real food!
Oh my god, hotels. Relax. My stay was fine.
I sexually identify as a table. That is all.
What do you call a Black Fisherman? Jailbait.
What is Mexico's favorite sport? Cross-country
I just saw an honest political leader, riding a unicorn.
What do you call a Flaming Homosexual? A hate crime.
What was special about Three-Eyed Suzie? She had no legs.
Never bring a dildo to a knife fight.
There was a sniper here Anybody s..
Every joke about reddits mods [removed]
What was the physicist's favorite football team? The Houston Eulers.
How to avoid clickbait Not like this
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotopuss.
How do whales type e-mails? With their fish fingers.
What do you say when God sneezes? Go bless yourself.
American Horror Story: Walmart Bathroom
What do you call shy bladder incidents? Frozen pees
What's an acceptable absolute zero? 0K.
Him: You hang up first. Me: *click
My cat is an artist He drew blood
A short penis joke I'm Asian
I joined a cribbage cult recently They practice peggin' rituals
your momma so fat I'm seriously concerned for her health
Don't let go of your dreams Press snooze
You have to be pretty ballsy... to get a Vasectomy...
No one ever talks about Peter Pans brother. Peter Pots
WIFE- Without Information Fighting Everytime :)
What do you call a Mexican pervert? A pedrophile
Brexit, for France AdiEU
How does Moses make tea? Hebrews it...
What do you call a Dothraki mathematician Khal culator
What do you call a slutty a gun? A fl-uzi
What do you call a chicken with political ambition? Republic-hen
JKLMNOPQRST That's all that stands between U and I :)
Wanna hear a construction joke? Im working on it.
What does a cannibal eat with cheese?  Pickled organs.
Small dick can also hurt the ego of a man.
*eats everything*
What's brown and ryhmes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
How many goals did Germany score? gerMANY
Want to hear a good boxing joke? Fuck you.
Where do Jedi go to get inked? Tattooine.
What does Julius Ceasar say after sex? Veni.
Where do the Sith shop? At the Darth Maul. :3
What do you call a Mexican Goat? Amigoat
Many rastafarian babies are born out of dreadlock.
How do religions reproduce? They have sects.
Mehh ~Goat, sighing..
Do mermaids smoke seaweed?
What happens when two smurfs are in love? They smuck
What does the dentist of the year get?...A little plaque.
Forget about sexy, I am bringing good manners back!
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.
Is your refrigerator running? Better go catch it!
I passed my dentistry exam... Written paper A+, Oral B.
What is an Ewoks favorite hotel accommodation? An Endor Pool!
Three Guys Walk Into A Bar The fourth guy ducks.
Dad joke: What time do monkeys poop? Tree turdy.
Midgets are not a big part of society. Huehuehuehuehuehuehue....
How do you milk sheep? With iPhone accessories.
P Diddy or P Didn't he?
How does a Russian bomb explode? Kaboomshki
I'm against vaccination! Vaccines save lives and I'm against overpopulation!
My plans must be so fat they never work out.
What's the world's longest sentence? .... I do.
What idiot named them twins instead of wombmates?
I don't get computer-related jokes. ..not even a bit.
Can a guy with no eyebrows look surprised?
How do you climb a triangle? By scalene it
Knock knock Who's there? A door salesman.
Shampoo is much more marketable than it's original name, Shamshit.
I hate Russian dolls... They're full of themselves.
What do you call low class gay women? Plesbians
Hi girl r u a beaver? Cuz dam.
What kind of shoes to pedophiles wear? White Vans.
He died doing what he loved most... Correcting my grammar.
How did Timmy dodge the oncoming car? He didn't
Two Irishmen walk out of a bar
How do you organise games in Pompeii? Make aedile.
I told a deer joke once. It was very fawny.
Society: Be yourself ........ Society: No not like that
Horse floats found to be incorrectly labeled in ferry disaster.
What kind of tree barks? A dogwood!!
What do you call the inhabitants of London? Arabs
What's the square root of 69? ate something
(Xpost: showerthoughts) Knock-knock jokes should win the No-Bell Prize
If you hate us so much, stop using our Internet
I'm worried I won't pass my stress test
"Sacre gray!" - Colorblind French guy
What do you call a woman with an opinion? Wrong
Whats the hardest part eating a vegetable? The wheelchair
What do you call a Black Jew? .....a menorah-tee.
What brand of vodka does a Canadian drink? Grey Moose
How does NASA organize a party? They planet.
You aren't supposed to strip during Zumba. Apparently.
The memory on my phone is FIFA'ed Sorry.....Corrupt.
You're a guy, therefore you can't "hehehehe".
Who you must not greet on a plane? HI Jack!
Happy Mother's Day Reddit! What did you get your mom?
"No!" -An A to Z guide to parenting.
What do you call a diseased duck? A Mallardy.
What does a horny assassin do? Netflix and Kill.
What did the pineapple say to the coconut? Pina Colada!
What's a basketball players favorite kind of cheese? Swish cheese.
What's the current number one song in Russia? Crimea river
Pro tip: most pro tips are given by amateurs.
What do Sea Monsters eat? Fish and Ships.
/r/News mods did a great job today ... Get it?
Which vampire tried to eat James Bond?  Ghouldfinger.
What are cows favorite party games? MOO-sical chairs!
What is Kylo Ren's favorite beverage? Supreme Liter Coke
Do Chinese cities have Americatowns?
You're not old until a teenager describes you as middle-aged.
My favorite joke is about RMS Titanic. It's a one-liner.
How do you greet a German baker? Gluten Tag
Vegetarians must hate themselves because they're made of meat.
Sex with a homeless guy is right up your alley
What kind of cars do rabbits drive? Hop rods.
What do you call a veal-birthing cow? De-calf
What's the easiest way to annoy an anti-vaxxer? Needle them
Wrong spellers.. Untie!!
Despite constantly dropping the ball... Gravity is pretty reliable
Deleting your Facebook is the new regaining your dignity.
What is a Chihuahua's favorite sport?  Miniature golf!
You call them natural disasters. I call them destructive criticism.
Some women have mood swings... others have mood theme parks.
You cant have crisis without ISIS
What's Iron Man's favorite carnival ride? The ferrous wheel.
This is Gold Au
DUCT TAPE. Turning "No! no! no!" into "Mmm, mmm, mmm."
What's an anagram for Banach Tarski? Ransack Habit
I'm not just pms-ing. I'm ovary acting.
How much sperm do gay guys have? A buttload
Why couldn't the fruit get married? They cantaloupe
People who say they "Like to have fun"... No shit?
What do you call a castrated unicorn? A eunuchorn.
What is a gays favorite sandwich A lgblt.
What is an umbrella doing in the shower? Practicing
Eggs. Dyed for our sins.
"Dad, I'm suicidal." "Hi suicidal, I'm dad."
Nice guys finish last, cause stamina.
What brand of shoes do chickens wear? Reebok bok bok
One time cancer got a terminal case of Chuck Norris.
What did the mathematician say after Thanksgiving dinner? "(1)/8"
What makes an octopus laugh? ten-tickles
What's the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christoper Walken
What do you call a paraplegic with Ebola? A parabola.
I got some weed and hoes. Let's do some gardening!
What do you call a retarded jelly? A slow jam.
what do you call a cow without legs Disabled
Girls lives are tough .
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies.
What kind of bees make milk? Boobies!
Why was the skeleton embarrassed? Because he had a boner.
Warning: 18+ 19
Where did the Easter Bunny go to college?  Johns Hopkins!
You know what I find odd? Every other number.
What's big but small? A midget's ego.
Hunger Games. Zimbabwe's favorite pastime.
What's the capital of Greece? About 15 cents.
God grades on the cross, not the curve.
My purse is deeper than some people.
Son's earring Dicks up my ass
Name the four seasons Shit, Summer, Shit, Shit
What kind of meat do priests eat on Friday? Nun
My irony detector is defective. It detects everything except irony.
Change is inevitable Except when it comes to vending machines.
Ketchup Bottle Joke [Source Inside]
What are Muslim men's favorite mathematical equation? Inequalities
What do you call trees that grow in Tobago? Tobogany.
What does a drunk police officer do? Protect and swerve.
Which cheese is the loneliest? Prov-alone!
Q: What kind of limes open doors? A: Key limes.
Another casualty of 2016... Ronda Rousey's MMA career
Anyone can beat a polygraph.It doesn't even have hands.
what did the homeless man get for christmas? hypothermia
Phil Hughs At least he died having a bat
Where the woman's neck ends the infinity begins.
I'm not racist. I treat everybody like they're black.
What do fish call a submarine? Unidentified Floating Object
Cigarettes that help you quit chewing gum.
Punny Jokes Penicillin is worth its weight in mold.  
"Stop anthropomorphising me, bitch"- my cat, while i'm writing this.
Call 613-745-1576 for good time
I am wearing a jacket, because my mom felt cold.
What band is a cow favorite? Moody Blues
I was Saddam tired last night.... I slept like Iraq...
What do you call a tribal poet? Shake-A-Spear!
Have you seen that sexy taser? She's stunning.
Math Why did I divide sin by tan? Just cos.
/r/blackpeopletwitter is still dark /r/blackpeopletwitter
Where is the only place engineers are considered artistic? Brooklyn
Happy new year!! Sorry I use internet explorer.
What is love? Baby don't hurt me.
What do Terrorist Witches ride? Boomsticks
Her phone display is brighter than her future.
It's weird how we are all here because of boners
My girlfriend agreed to give me a blowjob Oral consent
Judging by their knives, the Swiss Army is mostly bartenders.
Guy went to the toilet, took the piss.
What comes after the night of the Superbowl? The Superbowel
Where do old bowling balls end up? In the gutter!
Where do 4 gay guys go? One Direction
Nostalgia It really isn't what it used to be.
What do Africans want to be for Halloween? Not infected.
Pollinator? I barely even nectar!
Why are the Soviets Russian? Because there's no Stalin.
What do you call a symphony of whales? An orcastra
Who do zombie cowboys fight?  Deadskins.
What's a calender's favorite fruit? Dates.
You had me at: I'm calling the police.
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
Open letter to the mods of /r/Jokes [deleted]
Why is Kim Jong-un so bad? He has no Seoul
A dyslexic man walks into an Arab.
The '80s called: They want you stop anthropomorphizing decades.
The camera adds like 10-15 crooked teeth. -Steve Buscemi
Yo mama so fat her nickname is "Lardo"
A man walks into a bar... A girl says hello.....
I was gonna tell a sodium joke but... NA
What do you call a worthless priest? holy shit.
Why is the Ocean blue? Because the fish go blublublu.
What do you call a french soul singer? Beret White
There's a sale at the Maul Everything's half off
*Tucks shirt in* "Goodnight, shirt."
What kind of books do fruit read? Pulp Fiction
Squirrels  nature's speed bumps.
What's the fastest cake in the world?  Meriiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnngue.
Where does Sean Connery shit? On the couch!
Money is the root of all wealth.
Before you send that mass "Merry Christmas!" text don't.
Guy in wheelchair spotted on Google Earth lol
Exchanging sexual favors for karma Humpvotes
What war did a fat person fight in? Viet-nom-nom-nom
What's Hitler's favourite VW? A Golf
Whats a plants favorite drink? Root Beer
Where do flying pigs land? the airpork!
I require Latvian Jokes Please, they're so funny.
What do you call fast food emergencies? Emergen-cheese. :3
How does the Asian chef get to work? He woks.
Already resenting that I have to wake up tomorrow.
Where does a king keep his armies? Up his sleevies
When Fnatic plays on fy_snow... OLAFmeister gets an ace
Cats are just fuzzy plants that hate you.
studies show.... 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
What do bulimic stone masons do? Binge and parge.
What's a pedophile's favourite chord? A minor.
A man walks into a bar... OUCH
Why did the bicycle stop moving? Because it was two-tiered.
"These boobs are made for walking!" -Inventor of FootBoobs.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? For Drizzle.
What is Stephen Hawking's favorite snack? His left shoulder
A long joke JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOKE
Why are farmers so afraid of aliens? Tractor beams.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
What's your new years resolution? Mine's 1920x1080.
Can I ask you something?
What is the biggest battery size? The D. It's huge.
If a dog tells you you're dreaming... believe him.
What do you call a shy rapper? Lil' Confidence
Construction worker not wearing his safety gear [NSFW]
I'll tell you what's a dangerous insect... ....That Hepatitis Bee
What do you call a french person masturbating? Jacques-ing off.
How much energy does hova's DeLorean require? 1.21 jigga watts
What do japanese men do when they have erections? Vote
What is a Jewish person's favorite nut? A cashew.
Which popstar cuts down trees? Michael LumberJackson
What do you call a German jerk? Deutschebag
I like my women like I like my alcohol... XXX.
Diarrhea is hereditary In runs in the jeans
What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAAAAAINS!
A mod joke. (Pls mods, just don't delete). [deleted]
Society's a wreck because Superman has nowhere to change.
Girls that don't care about size are just shallow.
What do West Africans eat for dinner. Ebola soup.
You know what's funny about Internet Explorer? Punch line buffering...
Imagine how trendy the clothes are at New Navy.
Yo mama so old That she's still carbon dating.
Where's the best place to buy jive cheese? Monterey, Jack!
What's a commercial fisherman's favorite instrument? Castanets!
What's black underneath and white on top? Society.
What do Asians do during an erection? They vote
What's online, about to comment, and very judgmental?
What kind of STD does a bird get? Chirpies. :-)
Please don't type Part A backwards It's a trap!
Why can't you trust 8? cause she's a two-timin' four.
Make the little things count....... teach mathematics to midgets
What do you call a blind german? A not see
What do you call bumblebee fetuses? honey nut cheerios
Please deposit all your anti-jokes here:
How do you pronounce the "Pao" in "Power'? [deleted]
How many tickles does a Japanese school girl want? Tentickles.
Why can't people with Alzheimer's tell a joke?
TIFU by posting in the wrong sub. ;)
What do you call a nosy pepper? Jalapeno business
C:\Documents\Work\Projects\Important\Confidential\Drawings Of Me Saving Steve Irwin From That Stingray\Clothed\ThankfulSteve74.jpg
"I can't begin to tell y-" "Good."
Someone told me to stop singing Wonderwall. I said maybe.
Alzheimer's Joke (might be a repost)
What is Homer Simpson's favorite rapper? A. Butter Finger
What's Masta P's favorite fruit? Ba-na-na-na! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5ZvzIOO6aU
Windows Vista That is all.
What kind of music does a pirate like? Arrr'n'B
Coffee so black, you won't ever go back to sleep.
My favourite 6,835
Yo mama so old, When she farted dust came out!
Generally, all generalisations are false.
Why did the tomato blush? He saw the salad dressing
I am single by choice. Choice of 2 billion women.
Who do penguins celebrate Hanukkah with? The Icebergs
Two consonants and a vowel go into a bar...
Mosquitos are like family. Annoying but they carry your blood.
What's worse than raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis
Joke What goes oom oom
What do you call Hindu ideas about pacifism? Naan Violence
IAmA hot dog cart owner, AMA my weiner!
What company makes Nerds? Your mom.
A man walked into a bar... He said "Ow"
What do people in Arkansas do for Halloween? Pump kin.
But seriously folks, what is Joe Walsh's best album?
Don't hate the PLAYA... hate the Spanish word for beach.
"That's what." -She
Yoda's last name is "Layheewho."
Great to meet you too, person I'll never see again.
Exercise machines are just torture devices with better marketing campaigns.
Why are hot peppers so nosey? cause they're jalapeno business
My wife's just like my kids... Imaginary
Bought a new boomerang Can't throw away my old one
without nipples....... boobs would be pointless
What's the difference between parsley and pussy? Nobody eats parsley.
What is Stannis Baratheon's favorite genre of metal? Grindcore
Dwayne Johnson, paper, scissors
How did Captain Hook die? Jock itch.
A man walks into a bar... ...and then he leaves.
MY NECK. MY BACK. MY PJ'S AND MY SNACK.
4 out of 5 people enjoy gang rape
Just landed my dream job of "before" picture
A passion inside me burns. It's called chlamydia.
Why is my girlfriend fat? Because I'm ugly.
Why can't dinosaurs talk? Because they're all dead
"This place sucks." ~Stevie Wonder at an art gallery
What are the most athletic rodents? Track and field mice.
What are the fattest letters? O.B.C.D
What did the depressed plankton do? It krilled iself!
Do Apes kiss? Yes but never on the first date!
What happened in France? Did they release a GTA Go?
Only 90s kids will get this: slavery. (1790s)
Which band does Donald Trump dislike the most? Foreigner.
Does a Priest have a wife? He has nun.
I Like My Coffee Like I Like My Slaves... Free.
*takes out one earbud* "not guilty, your honor"
[god creating kangaroos] Let's make a horse rabbit.
I'm long, brown, and I love bowls. Jimi Hendrix.
My signature move is illegal in 37 states.
What do you call a German thief? A Hamburglar.
Why can't you trick unemployed jesters? Because they're nobody's fool
Deep down... ...I knew scuba diving wasn't for me.
I am aging as gracefully as a banana
What's your best pick up line? Cocaine Edit:spelling
What do Mathematicians use to fry their food? Euler butter.
Jesus went to Wal-Mart He couldn't believe all the savings.
Me: I think this diet is gonna work. Cheese: No.
Potassium and Oxygen went on a date. It was OK.
Waiter: Is Pepsi okay? Me: Is Kohl's cash okay?
What kind of bees eat brains? Zombees
I think if I was blind I would enjoy Walmart.
Fuck children, robots are the future
Why can't you eat a wookie? Because they're too chewie!
What is Stevie Wonder's favorite guitar chord? C Minor
I wanna make a joke about sodium. But Na.
What do you think of the anus, As a whole
What do elves learn at school? The elf-abet!
Who does Dracula get letters from? His fang club.
Why don't witches have babies? Because their men have hollow-weenies!
What did the bad rapper get for Christmas? J Coal
What do you call a half Jew? Jew-ish.
If Russia attacked Turkey from behind... ...would Greece help?
What do you call knocked up tomato sauce Prego
A free product means... to free you of your money
Why did the Chinese chicken cross the road? The eggrolled
How much cum can a gay guy make? A buttload!
Ever had sex while camping? It's fucking intents
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
Will Glass Coffins Be A Success? Remains to be seen.
What's a boomerang called that's not coming back? A Stick.
You guys wanna hear something really corny? Syrup.
I have way less energy than your average haunted doll.
When it comes to Russian Roulette .. .. 5/6 approve
I've been researching marriages TIL: Death does us apart.
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Q. Where do tired linedancers go for Breakfast? A. Ihop
Q: What do bees chew? A: Bumble gum.
3 jews walk into a bar..... named Gas Chamber.
Go on vacation in Poland... ...your car is already there!
Why did Victoria get fired? I don't know
I used to be addicted to soap.... I'm clean now.
I hate bad jokes. They should be pun-ishable by law.
Hey man, just be yourself! Not like that though.
How do fireflies start a race? Ready steady glow!
What's the difference between Snowmen and Snow women? Snowballs.
"Paypal me your lunch money!" -Cyber Bullies
So buddy, how's life in North Korea? I can't complain.
Roses are grey, Violets are grey I'm a dog.
I'm one of those people that tried this at home.
How do you confuse a gay person? Seven.
"Let me put it this way.." ~gist of Kamasutra
necrophiliac jokes are dead boring
Vegetarian: Native American definition for "lousy hunter".
What color do Smurfs turn if you choke them?
Gravity is such a bully... It always brings us down.
What is Dracula's favorite fruit? A nectarine.
TUMBLR What shoes does a tumblr girl wear? *Ughs*
What band was Harambe In? Gorillaz
What did the Muslim on a surfboard say? Aloha Akbar!
What about a To-Don't List?
Knock knock. Who's there? BRAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO (it's a whale joke!)
*accidentally answers phone call* *pretends to be answering machine*
Try toasting... It raises your spirits.
What did one meme say to the other meme? Dank
Knock knock! Who's there? Hamlet. Hamlet, who? I can't decide.
You say pervert with a telescope. I say biological astronomer.
How do you greet people at a funeral? Mourning, everybody!
What does a rich physicist wear? Joulery!
What is yellow and wears a mask? The Lone Lemon.
Is your ass okay? It has a crack in it.
Why didn't The Cold War happen? Russia kept Stalin it
My grandma was recently beaten to death.. By my granddad
Who is a penguin's favorite relative? His Aunt Arctica
Thank God pets can't talk, they know too much.
The US Judicial system
My last relationship was so bad, it featured Pitbull.
two guys walk into a bar. The 3rd one ducks
Terrorists in Hawaii be like.. ..Aloha Akbar.
#WorstChristmasGiftEver Soap On A Rope from Jerry Sandusky
Met a hot isis girl Jihad me at hello
"Oh yeah" - me, remembering Iowa exists.
What do you call a communist sniper A Marxman
Turned off autocorrect and I've never been happyer.
A man walks into a bar. Smack.
"War and Peace 2: Woody Saves Buzz" (Tolstory)
what does a cowboy from colorado wear? a 420-gallon hat
How do trees get onto the internet they log in
When chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
Where do fortune tellers buy their clothes? Sears.
I always hit "ignore call" with my middle finger.
I thought I'd repost an old joke... Oops wrong sub...
What do you call a prostitute's vagina? A whorifice.
Classic rock is like listening to drugs.
Jamiroquai, because Jamirodepwessed.
The Economic Breakfast by Roland Marge
What's your amplitude for charm-strange mixing?
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
After watching Interstellar, I really want to buy a Lincoln.
"Dad!" my shit says, right before I flush it.
Whats brown and sticky? My poster of rihanna.
I like my coffee like I like my slaves. Free
What's a simile? It's like a metaphor.
How long is a Chinese name.
Why shouldn't you buy trousers from northern Ukraine? Chernobyl fallout
Aren't you too fat to be this rude?
I masturbate with soap Just thought i would come clean
How do you make a tame duck wild? Annoy it.
Can you spell a composition with two letters? SA (essay).
Australians don't have sex... They mate
I have four problems in life... ...counting, remembering and counting.
A baby seal Walks into a club
What do you call a pushy aquatic mammal? Press'n Seal
RIP Bugs Bunny Attempts to reanimate him failed.
Wanna hear a corny joke? Ethanol
Love in 2013 means answering each other's texts immediately.
Which burgers love to act? Ham-burgers!
I have kids now... Their parents must be angry.
What happens when you get a bladder infection? Urine trouble.
Ayy Loam Ayy loam I soiled myself!
what version of Windows does Jesus use? XP
What's a blondes idea of natural  childbirth? No make-up.
Yo momma so old, Her birth certificate says EXPIRED
Two men walk into a bar... the third guy ducked.
How do I know I'm not Daniel Day-Lewis?
two chromosomes responsible for a divorce Ex and Why
Susie has no arms Knock knock! Who's there? Not Susie
What's red and unhealthy for your teeth? A brick.
Taco Bell is human Drano
I can't even... ...so I guess I'm odd.
Where do suicide bombers go when they die.....? ......EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!
How does NASA organise a party? They Planet.
What was the best thing before sliced bread? Massive sandwiches
I judge you by what's behind you in your photos.
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND EEEEEEEEEEYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
Beyonce was Destiny's Child. The other two were adopted.
What do call forty lesbians in a tree A CUNTREE
One fifth of people... ...are just too tense!
Hey Spongebob, what's funnier than 24? 9/11.
Why did mr.Potato head go to Prison. Hash browns.
What did the strawberry say on December 25th? Berry Christmas!
You know, redheads... are pumpkin spiced all year round.
*somehow manages to beep at you sarcastically*
The hairdresser's oath First, harm no 'do...
Why was Mary Jane not a virgin? Her mother leaves.
Two pretzels are walking down the street. One was assaulted.
Most monkeys don't like bananas, they're just being sexy.
Wanna hear a joke?! My youtube channel :)
What do you call a redneck family of bakers? Inbread!
Why are French snails faster than American snails? L'ess cargo
What do you get when OP gets erections? QR
My life selling houses by Con Allday
*cheats at bowling by rolling into the pins*
How did the butcher introduce his wife? MEET PATTY
What's a pirate's favorite explosive? M80
Jesus was gay. He was nailed by 3 guys.
"Knock, Knock!" "Who's there?" "The Pilot, let me in!"
Why don't fairies live under toadstools? Because there's not mushroom!
Public bathrooms are why parkour was invented.
What do cannibals eat to freshen their breath? Men toes.
What do you call a fat magician? A 4-chin teller.
How do old people go to the bathroom? Depends.
What does the Fox say? not the news
What do you call an agreement between forests? A treety
A hug is basically a mini hostage situation.
NaCl / NaOH The base is under assault!
My girlfriend... .. is like Leonardo DiCaprio's Oscar.
Incest It's all relative.
What starts with "P" and ends with "orn"? Popcorn Pervs.
What is Sherlock's porn star name? Benedict Cuminhersnatch
What do you call an asthmatic bird? A puffin.
What do colors say when they laugh? Huehuehuehuehuehuehuehue
What Did The Sushi Say To The Bee? Wassup bee
Porn websites should end in .cum
What's black and white and red all over? Batman's father
What hired killer never goes to jail? The exterminator.
Where do hipsters drown? the mainstream.
What do you call a chinese pedophile? Pok Um Yung
hilarious joke my penis size
What does an elephant use for a tampon? A sheep
Why did Snoop Dogg need an umbrella? Fo Drizzle
Shit happens, I mean, look at your face.
What is a mexican's favorite sport? Cross-country
8 out of every 5 people are mathematically illiterate
At the end of the day, it's 11:59pm.
The man who invented Velcro has died. RIP
I'm friends with a statue. He's really a gneiss guy.
SHOUTOUT TO LIBRARIANS! (*sorry*)
Face it. Our planet is bipolar.
What do you find in an empty nose? Fingerprints.
40-32/2=4! (-1)12 &lt;3 Maths
What did the pope give up for lent? His job.
A Russian walks into an alchohal rehab facility... Wait...what?
What animal is the moodiest? A Bi-Polar Bear.
You know what makes me smile? Facial muscles.
The filling in fortune cookies tastes like paper..
So Helen Keller walks into a bar...
Why don't oysters give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
Anybody here named Jeff? Jeff: Yes Geoff: Yeos
What time did Sean Connery get to Wimbledon? Ten-ish.
Where does Russia get its water from? De-stalinization plants
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
I run faster when I hear country music than sirens.
I started teaching rednecks Spanish Se habla espan ya'll
Where do cats go when they die? Purrgatory!
Saturday usually #followfriday
Why don't prawns give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
Guys, I don't think we should drink so much yesterday.
Psychic fair cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances.
What kind of math do feminists study ? Triggernometry
What was Hitler's least favorite pokemon? Pikajew
Why did the dog bark? because its a dog
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High Definition.
Who busted you out of Iraq? Well actually, I-ran
Why do people beat their clocks? To kill time.
Urban Outfitters is just Spencer Gifts in a fedora.
Why do Africans wear baggy pants? Because their knee grows.
Why don't witches wear panties? Better grip
Free throws are just as good as the store-bought kind.
German humor... It's no laughing matter.
What do you call a perturbed grown-up? An addled adult
Said the porcupine, "I just love prickled onions."
If girls were dinosaurs they'd be dramasaurus.
How do dinosaurs like their chicken? RAWWWWWWWW!!!!
What kind of soda do dogs drink? Barq's Root Beer.
A cartoonist died in his home... Details are sketchy.
In Transylvania, it's your Count that votes.
What do valley girls drink? Soo-Duhh!
Her + Gravity = 2001: A Space Odyssey
What do black Eskimos live in? A nigloo.
How do you get a goldfish's attention? A U! Fish!
30 cows, 28 chicken. how many didn't? 10
Why are barns so noisy? All the cows have horns
Why does Snoop Dog carry around an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexic Association.
What s the weight of a hipster? One Insta-gramm
imagine a stadium full of Furbies all talking at once
Why was the tomato blushing? He saw the salad dressing.
Why couldn't the pony sing? He was a little horse.
Are knee pads... ... the perfect gift, for givers?
What do you call a butt inspection by ISIS? Anal-isis.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7, 8, 9.
what type of jeans does Mario wear? denim denim denim
Where does the Empire buy their robes? The Darth Mall!
What does Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
Dyslexic, but I have a cunning stunt.
What do delinquent shapes get up to? Shenanigons
Relationship status : Taken (for granted)
How do comedians send messages? By tee-hee mail.
My sensitive toothpaste can't stop crying.
How does a Snowman get to work? By icicle.
I'm addicted to Nun porn... It's a bad habit.
A bad analogy is like a cucumber
What's the tastiest part of a floppy disk? The cookie!
What do asian cannibals eat? "rawmen"
I hate Ancient Greek History! Fuck the poleis!
How long do chickens work ? Around the cluck !
What's a pirate's favorite letter? The C
Have you heard the joke they don't tell stupid people?
What type of car would Jesus drive? A Chrysler
How does a farmer send messages? By e-i-e-i-o-mail.
What fish sounds like a telephone?  Herring herring...herring herring...herring herring.
From all the butts, ours is the most important.
Need help with your math homework? Visit mcdonalds.com/careers
Was the Nintendo hungry? Nah, it 8 a byte earlier.
Why are higher quality CD/DVD players white? Because they read.
What's the MOST offensive religious joke you know?
Teacher: What's a robin? Fred: A bird that steals ma'am.
How do astronauts say they're sorry? They apollo-gize.
Plot twist: two birds kill YOU with one stone.
"Is anyone here named Jeff?" Jeff: Yes Geoff: Yeos
Helen Keller's two favorite colors Corduroy and velcro
I'm not lazy I'm just energy efficient
Smile. Your enemies hate it.
Why do blacksmiths go to jail? Forging.
Where do bears go after smoking some weed? Hibearnation
I bought an iBoat and it's syncing!
A Nazi Redditor walks into a B.A.R He died.
Whats the most slippery country? Greece.
oops i queefed
What was the Seagull's favorite online streaming service? Netfocks
What's Forrest Gump's Password? 1FORREST1
Guys, I'm quitting Halloween. I'm on the pumpkin patch!
I hate dolphins... ...for all intents and porpoises.
A Sober Irishman
Keeping busy in prison
Where did the general keep his armies? In his sleevies!
What are goosebumps for? To slow down speeding geese!
Are you a keyboard? Because you're my type!
What do you call someone who LOVES Wikipedia? A Wikipedophile!
This just in! You read this
Where do kids with ADHD go? To concentration camps.
What is the worst icebreaker? The Titanic
The price of Helium is rising... Inflation sucks.
What do you call a whore's laughter? Ho hos
Where does one drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
I just voted for Pluto to be a planet again.
What did GB say to EU? Peace out, EUROn EUROwn!
Stop scrolling. You need to sleep. (:
Why does Snoop Dogg wear a condom? Fo jizzle.
I'm on hold and My call is important to them.
Conversation between two accountants at a  cocktail party: ".......and ninthly..."
You guys wanna hear a joke? My life.
How much does a hipster weigh? An Instagram.
How much does a hipster weigh? An Instagram!
I lost my rutabaga I'm sure it'll turnip somewhere.
TIL They Discovered a Gay Dinosaur It was a Megasoreass
I need a joke for a medical residency interview! Halp!
It's impossible not to look creepy whispering to a child
Euphemism? I 'ardly know 'im!
What do Scottish owls sing? Owld Lang Syne.
Does French wine really taste like urine? Oui.
*Ubers to my parking spot at Costco*
What do you call a confused gnu? A bewildebeest.
I like sleeping outside. No hobo.
password that you shouldn't use dick
"Fuck unions!" he furiously typed... On his day off.
What's the final product Steve Jobs released? The iDied
My dementia keeps getting progressively fruit pants.
*brakes hard* *throws arm across passenger seat to protect pizza*
Good times + Crazy friends = Amazing memories. 
Why is sperm white? Because it can swim
What disease do horses fear most? Hay Fever!
I seasoned my beef with too much salt I'm salty.
Whats reddits favorite tv show? The OC.
An Irishman walks out of a bar.. .
What do you call a Mankee who Raps A Rhymeape
What kind of shoes do thieves wear? Sneakers.
Who really appreciates a good fisting? A sock puppy.
What is the French version of the name Parker? Valet.
Jared to plead guilty to charges. Sorry wrong sub.
How do police informants begin their jokes? Nark Nark
What lives in the sea and yells? A clam shouter.
Wanna feel old? 1990 was 40 years ago.
The tinier the dog, the crazier the lady.
What does a Japanese girl ride?? Niisan.
Rio just listed a slightly used Olympic stadium on eBay.
What is stephen Hawking's favorite food? His shoulder.
Think bobcats prefer to be called robertcats?
The PC term for Christmas C:\hristmas
Please don't make me say Worcestershire out loud.
What's the cheapest meat? Deer balls. They're under a buck.
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt
What kind of exercise did Jesus do? Crossfit
Whats green and yellow and eats nuts? Gonorrhea!
What is Micheal Bay's favorite phone? The Galaxy note 7
What's a ninja's favourite drink? Waaaaa-taaah!!!
IT'S CHRISTMAS EVE, NOT CHRISTMAS STEVE!!
Stealing being illegal is why I can't have nice things.
Hey Chumbawamba, we kept you down.
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast? Milk and Surreal.
Picture someone robbing you. Congratulations, you're a fucking racist.
What happens when a tree masturbates? It nuts
Carly is a pirate. Because X marks the spot.
What do you call a fat pirate? A vast matey.
What's black and never works? Decaf coffee.
Your momma so old... powdered milk comes out her nipples.
What bird can lift the most? A crane
What Did The Doctor Say To The Dinosaur? Jur-ass-sick
Everyone wants a white Christmas... but all Christmases matter!!!
I hate tacos. Said no Juan ever.
I love my kids like I love my flour... Self-raising.
I guess it was George Michaels...... Last Christmas.
What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta? Penne
"Hey can I do it?" Anaesthetist: sure, knock yourself out
What do you call a "gay" milkman? Dairy Queen.
Schizophrenia? More like Schizofriendia. *voices agree*
I'm shocked... Turns out toasters aren't waterproof.
Why did Medusa order pizza? Her boyfriend was stoned.
There there password. I don't think you're weak.
Why does a pencil shave? To look sharp
Whats another name for google glass? Dome Chrome.
Why are pirates, pirates ? CASUE THEY ARGHHHHHHH
Like boxes of shit in your house? Get a cat.
Help free the reindeer from sleighvery.
What kind of CB Radio do seagulls use? Squawky-talkies!
Why was the firewood punished? It was knotty.
Hedgehogs: why can't they just share the hedge?
What do you call weed from Denmark? Dansk kush.
Who is the hamburgers' favourite actress? Candice Berger!
I'm in the terminator musical. I'll be Bach.
What type of blood does a keyboard have? Typo
You know what's funny? Not /r/funny .
Guess what Gordon Ramsay said about my mixtape... "ITS RAAAAWWWWWWW!!!!!!"
What do you call two pencils fighting? A grafight.
How does a German tie his shoes? In little Nazis
Feminism: because not all women can be beautiful.
Michael J Fox got a new restaurant endorsement deal... Shakey's
Boy that Neil Patrick Harris is a real, man's man.
I burned 1000 calories by lighting my arm on fire
Dear insane self-destructive people, thanks for music and art.
What do you call a fat computer? Adele.
Hump day without humping is significantly less fun.
Herpes sounds like the name of a greek god
I wonder what "don't touch" is in Braille.
I like woman who are mentally stable and sexually unstable.
If a douchebag bungee jumps is it called a Bro-Yo?
What is a great way to baby-proof a house? Condoms
How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheberg
In hell all the ball pits are filled with legos.
What is formed at the end of mitosis? My nailses
What does a menopausal Vietnam vet suffer from? Hot flashbacks
What's E.T. short for? He's just got little legs.
What is Vladimir Putins favorite food? Peaches and Krim
Hell has free wifi but no outlets for phone chargers.
Can "born this way" apply to laziness?
What's a zombie's favorite weather? Brainstorms.
Just turned wine into vomit. Your move Jesus.
What is a chiropractor's favorite movie? Thoracic Park
Pop up ads are the Jehovahs witness of the internet.
whats a ghost's favorite fruit? booberries!
[at a funeral] What happens to his leftover meds?
They cooled a man to absolute zero He is 0K.
What does hitler say when he stubs his toe? Aushwitz
"Polar bears can't jump" -- black bears
Islam... ... is a religion of peace.
What is E.T short for? Because it has little legs.
I just remembered the fuck outta The Alamo.
What do you call a learned spider? A webdesigner
I wanna see Jurassic World, but I hear extincts.
Dentist: Don't worry. I'm painless. Patient: I'm not.
11/10 people don't understand statistics .
In which state does the Mississippi river flow? Liquid.
What doesn't kill you makes you vengeful.
Knock knock... Who's there? The pilot, let me in.
What does a horny toad say? Rub it
I've got my first Gamblers Anonymous meeting tomorrow.
Its important you remember that unprotected phone sex........
I Like my slaves how i like my coffee............ Free
*gets lockjaw when putting on eyeliner*
Depressed?
Advent calendars Their days are numbered.
Why does windows 9 not exist? Because 7 8 9.
When life gives you melons... You're probably dyslexic.
did u fall from heaven bc so did satan
In order to always win in rock, paper, scissors... Shoot.
What did the Kiwi say to the Jew? Hee broo
I would go to alcoholics anonymous But everyone already knows
Gay jokes aren't funny. Butt fuck it.
UKIP's Policies
Amish murderers get the acoustic chair.
Moist people aren't offended by the occasional typo.
"I want her skin." -Serial killers and teenage girls
What do sea monsters have for dinner? Fish and ships.
I got 99 tabs open but my work ain't one.
What does Skrillex call masturbating? Wubbing one out.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones
Photons have mass? Why, I didn't know they were Catholic!
Confucius say virginity like giant bubble One prick, all gone
Which rabbit was a famous female aviator?  Amelia Harehart.
Beheaded our snowman to let winter know we mean business.
What do you call a confused baker? I dough know.
You're more special than relativity.
What does Diana stand for? Dead In A Nasty Accident.
John... ...[Staymoist](http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/21300000/John-Stamos-john-stamos-21331988-1611-1089.jpg)
Plan to be spontaneous... Tomorrow.
Why don't cats like online shopping? They prefer a cat-alogue.
How to avoid clickbait
Why was the broom late ? It over swept !
What social movement were nazis really into? Aryan Reichts
What cell carrier do Mormons use? Virgin Mobile
What do you call a tired tumblrina? A nap-kin.
Who is a Brooklyn dog's favorite composer? Bach Bach Bach
I like my coffee like I like my slaves.... Free!
What's a good name for a cat? Catsper.
The four food groups: Fast Frozen Instant and  Chocolate.
What is the biggest crime committed by transvestites? Male fraud.
Tried to start an origami company... It folded.
Why can't Kim Kardashian find her asshole? He's on tour.
What is Mozart doing right now? *Decomposing*
"Retweet! Retweet!" yelled the German Commander as we invaded Normandy
I'm on hold. My call is important to them.
Jihad balloons are my favorite They blow themselves up
Why did the bird go to the restaurant? Tweet!
Which animal makes the best pie? A human.
I have tits. You will believe my lies.
Immigration jokes are funny But some just cross the line...
Let's convert our potential energy into kinetic energy.
I like my women how I like my coffee.. Mugged
In capitalist America! Bank robs you!!
Bad jokes are hereditary They pun in the family.
How does Kim Kardashian like her eggs? Over-Yeezy. ^forgive ^me
I hate boxing But you gotta love May weather!
What makes a hockey player laugh? (Warning: Cheesy) Slapstick Comedy!
When I read something can improve digestion... That's shit.
What do you call a mexican drowning in mayonise Sin-co-dye-mayo
When is the best time to eat fast food? *Fri*day!
If Russia invades Turkey from the rear.. Would Greece help?
Oh red onions... you'll be the breath of me.
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't C#
What do you call someone who's never smoked weed? ilLITerate
Removing her clothes
What did the McDonald's addict suddenly realize? ...I'm lovin' shit
What does 80 year-old pussy taste like? Depends...
My name is fatatata But I am not fatatall
What did the deaf nymphomaniac say? come again?
A bad builder blames his fools *Tools Fucking keyboard
Best joke ever? my life
Where do you weigh pies? Somewhere over a rainbow...
I don't think Nyquil knows what cherries taste like!
Tequila! Vodka! Whiskey! I'm calling the shots.
What do you call a scary prostitute? Horrifying.
Germans be like: Been there, Done that.
You know what kills me? Weapons.
No Grandma, he has a hair piece, not herpes
What do you call an old John Cena? John Cenile
What do you call a child afraid of Santa? Claustrophobic
What's Afghanistan's National Bird? An American drone.
Pool party at my house... BYOP (Bring Your Own Pool)...
Why do Jews have big noses? Because oxygen is free.
Life is what happens between Apple product releases.
mens rights activists
I need to stop Binge thinking.
*illegally downloads a social life*
What's a fresh vegetable? One that insults a farmer.
What is purple and commutes? An Abelian grape!
Making my kids homemade blueberry muffins. *opens package* *adds water*
Who invented the sucker punch? Mike Dyson
What do you call Chinese jewelry? Bling blong
"Buy your individuality!" - Urban Outfitters
I don't hate anyone. I just don't like people.
R.I.P. bottled water. You will be mist
What's worse than an adult? An adult Hitler.
If you're happy and you know it, you're self aware!
What has a hazelnut in every bite? SQUIRREL SHIT!
my life thats it thats the joke
What do you call a half native pirate? Metis
My password is not working Put numbers in uppercase.
"Computers will never replace humans." - Cannibal wisdom.
What does Batman like in his drink? Just ice
"Do you know how awkward you are?" "Good, you?"
Whats the antonym of Manchester United? WomanBreastsR Divided
Makes eye contact with female. Medusa.
How do Jazz musicians drink their liquor? Straight, No Chaser.
ABCDEFGHIJKMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ Noel.
What kind of pants do Bostonians wear? Car Keys
What is a Mexican's favorite FPS? Borderlands.
Paris attack I beat the paris mission in mw3 today
Why are protein shakes such loners? They're whey isolate.
How do you karma whore on r/Jokes?
What do Italians eat on Halloween? fettucine afraid-o
What did the shoes say to the pants? SUP, BRITCHES!
What's blue and not heavy? ...Light blue
It sings and drives John Travolvo
Remember when Disney used to produce cartoons, not teen sluts?
Have you tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they.
How do people want Trump right now? [removed]
Can someone please wake up Billie Joe Armstrong?
If you like pee jokes... ...urine luck.
When a neutron hits a uranium atom... Potassium. Oxide.
Voat's servers
No mushrooms, no chives. Bob Marley ordering a pizza.
The power reddit has to change anything.
The transformation of Facebook into MySpace is almost complete.
I get scared visiting the ghetto on Google street view.
A lifetime supply of McDonalds is actually pretty short
Would Bill Cosby make a shitty bartender?
"What's the matter with him?" "Nothing. He's a positron."
What did MC Hammer name his son? Arman.
How do you disappoint a redditor? &lt;removed&gt;
Human: your name is Flipper Dolphin: (angerly) uh ok, HAND
Bill Cosby was puddin' his pop where it didn't belong.
Why isn't Edward leaving Russia? ...because he's snowed in.
Two people go to a Nickelback concert.
My Korean friend died last week... So Yung
How does a farmer count his cows?? with a Cowculator!!
Fireworks? Yes it does.
What do you call a magic owl? HOOdini
Two days is not enough time for a weekend.
Morning is the time when everyone is jealous of unemployed.
My enthusiasm knows bounds.
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patio Furniture
God Bless You
What deity has the worst teeth? Tartarus
Want to hear the new word I just created? Plagiarism!
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing
The Myinb Oxen was recently declared extinct. RIP Myinb Ox
Does a farmer eat female sheep? Ewe, no.
Marriage is an institution. So is the mental hospital.
Something with high frequency hit me It really hertz
A man... A man tried to catch fog, he mist
I cheated on my taxidermist girlfriend. Now I'm stuffed...
"Your cute" "My cute what?"
I work 24/7 - which is about 3.42 hours.
I just saw my parents having sex Damn you Pornhub
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste funny
What kind of shoes does a thief wear? Sneakers.
[notices a girl is cold] here take my pants
Why does everything taste like chicken? Because God is black.
How do you discuss cheese with a Welshman? Very Caerphilly.
What do you call a lesbian Eskimo? A Klondike
What kind of music do sponges listen to? Raggaeneration.
If you're happy and you know it, thank your ex.
My stages of drunk: 1) "Everybody, watch this!" 2) Prison
I wrote a Ricky Martin joke, but it was gay.
what do you call a fast ghost? spooky gonzales
Say no to drugs they might lower the price
 Look, it's an octopi
What's Hitler's favourite sausage? Frankfuhrers.
What doesn't kill you was only practicing.
What does a witch take when she can't poop? Hexlax^TM
Why are homosexuals always happy? Cause they're gay (happy).
Who brings the Christmas presents to  police stations? Santa Clues.
Who's Becky, Stan? She's just a country!
My therapist cries "Why me?" for the full hour.
Why are pills white? Because they work
Dentists are going on strike. Brace yourselves.
George R.R. Martin finished Winds of Winter!
"Please don't do this." - my voice mail greeting
Phases of love. 1) xoxo. 2) xxx. 3) ex.
What is the most famous shark? William Sharkspeare!
A man overdosed on Viagra... ...His wife took it hard.
Whiteboards are truly remarkable.
What's a Russian's favorite food? Vladimir Poutine
I hate people who leave jokes hanging. Its like a
Tomb = Toom Womb = Woom Bomb = Boom
Selling a dead bird Not going cheep
What's worse than getting pissed off? Getting pissed on.
What did 0 say to 1? You're turning me on!
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey? Boobies
Police officers are really sore losers when you race them
knock knock ...... come in...
Hypochondria? I think I have that!
I want anarchy Because my keyboard is missing one.
My problem with profanity is that..... It's mother fucking dusgusting
Why does Piglet smell? Because he plays with Pooh.
Communism jokes aren't funny Unless everyone gets them
Where do minions shop? Banana Republic
What did Ben Franklin call his pee hole? Urethra Franklin.
my gang colors are taupe and beige
What did the SJW do for Halloween? Went trigger-treating.
I love meeting new people. Not you. Don't touch me.
A sober Irishman arrives goes home after work... That's it.
*puts baby powder in a crib* *adds water*
"God hates fogs" - homophobic clouds
Which number confuses people? 82
Time flies when you wake up at noon.
so sick of people who aren't Beyonce
"I broke my arm!" Said Napoleon Bone apart
What's the pirate movie rated? PG-13!
Einstein married his cousin Esla Even his marriage was relative.
First rule of Water Boarding Club: 1. You will talk
Why did Verizon's mailman get fired? He was losing packets.
How do you comfort a grammar Nazi? they're, their, there
What's a bulimiac's favourite porno? Deep throat
Knock Knock Who's there? To To who? To *whom.*
I'm great at making pancakes and women uncomfortable.
Better "copulate" than "copunever."
I have sexdaily *dyslexia
What's an otakus favourite dessert? Senpie.
A dirty mind is a terrible thing to waste.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotapus
What state has the smallest soft drinks? Minisoda
Let me tell you a joke... Feminism.
What satellite TV provider does ISIS use? Daesh Network
Inkling sounds like a baby octopus
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung.
We get it poets: things are like other things
Maybe she's born with zits, maybe it's methamphetamine
Advent Calendars Their days are numbered.
Why men shop at Costco? Because it's a hoe sale.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
whats another name for a cemetary? a chinese resturant
Say something I'm giving up on.... Jews
I'm into perpendicular lines. I'm a bisectual
"Inkblot." "Inkblot." "Inkblot." "Inkblot." "Inkblot." -Rorschach taking a Rorschach test
Actually, conservation of angular momentum makes the world go 'round.
What do you call a bullying competition? A jerk-off
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr Dre
What do you call a midget Mexican? A little Juan.
Never trust an atom They make up stuff.
---. I regret that Remorse code
Boss: You need supervision. Me: *squints really, really hard*
Feminism Nothing else. That's the joke.
Your so dense, light must bend around you.
Why are atheists poor? because its a non-prophet organisation.
How can you tell my parents are abusive? Beats me
Subway: When you pay to eat fresh Just like Jared
You're lifting weights dude, you're not in labor. Settle down.
Why did the kittens turn atheist? Coz their eyes opened.
What do you call a pessimistic horse? A Neigh-Sayer
I never argue, I just explain why I'm right.
What fruits do vampires eat? Blood oranges.
What kind of wood doesn't float? Natalie Wood.
What is the most confusing holiday in Detroit? Labor Day.
I would throw myself under a duvet for you.
Don't tell me you love weddings, you love open bars.
What do you call 1000 lesbians with guns? Militia Etheridge
Hey do you like bowpha? Bowpha deez nutts
How do you spell "sawss" as in "spaghetti sawss" ?
Everyone calls me Al Capone Because
Straight people... are fucking pussies.
I have a degree in Female's Studies.
How do you make a rabbit fast? Don't feed it.
10 years ago today, Canada received its first indoor toilet.
I bet Nutritionist-Dieticians instagram the food pyramid a lot
Cop wives... Fuck the police.
How do you call a hearing-impaired duck? **HEY DUCK!!!!!**
Que es eso? *takes a bite* Queso!
It's only a little rad. It's a radish.
Where do strippers go on holiday ? Poland
I've never eaten the right amount of Indian food.
Next time you wave, use all your fingers.
90's kids won't get this... Social Security benefits.
What do zero and nil have in common? Absolutely Nothing
Do you know why God created atheists? Haha. Good one.
Where do footballers dance ? At a football !
In Soviet Russia... Joke kills you.
What does a ghost eat for dinner? Spookhetti
Where do psychics go to dance? The crystal ball
Did you hear the one about the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon? Probably.
What's grey but turns red ? An embarrassed elephant !
What is a thespian pony? A little horse play!
My teeth are so crooked they should run for office.
I've heard reincarnation is making a comeback.
I hate one-dimensional games. They're so linear.
What type of fruit is impossible to marry? Cantaloupe
What do you call vampires vagina? Cunt Dracula
How did blind slaves escape the South? The Underground Braille-road
Where is Engagement, Ohio? It's somewhere between Dayton and Marion.
What has 5 fingers but isn't your hand? My hand
*cooks french fries on your greasy hair*
What is a woman ? Man with a uterus somewhere
What is a feminist's feeling when she gets "threatened?" Womenaced
What drink does Santa give to naughty children? Coala
Rams&gt;Cowboys Coincidence ?
How does an octopus go to war? Armed.
Herpes is such a strong word, I prefer penis sprinkles.
How does Kurt Cobain collect his thoughts? With a mop.
Which state has the most progressive bathroom laws? Transylvania.
If you were a dinosaur what would you be? Dead
Snapbacks Popular amongst those with brittle bones.
Life and beer are very similar........chill for best results.
What do you call 24 carrots? Edible gold.
I'm far too cute to only have one ex-husband.
Do you eat to much sodium? Na.
Did you want to row or paddle? Either oar...
Dyslexic man walks into a bra Funny or nah?
Guess where my cheating girlfriend now lives? Idaho
Why do black people wear chains? Nostalgia
Ellen Pao on the new $10 bill! worth 2 cents
I just bought all six seasons of Hoarders on DVD
Who the hell called it 69ing... Instead of cuddlingus.
I think I was Italian, in a pasta life.
Wanted: 1 Psychic. You know who you are.
Where do you take a cheque? Czechoslovakia.
"Talent imitates, but genius steals."  bilbous.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaaaains. I'm sorry.
Where do beers go to pick up girls? Ho Gardens
What do you call a fake enemy? A faux!
Why was the redditor banned? Voat manipulation.
[OC] I found a dead bird outside. It smelt fowl.
TIL that 1/100 people have undiagnosed dyslexia Whoops, wrong bus.
How much did the critic tip the waitor? two cents
I dislike the term haterade. I say hater-juicebox instead.
[at the race] "RUNNERS ON YOUR MARK" Mark: ouch!
RIP Boiling water You'll be mist.
I'm still pissed that "testicle Tuesday" never took off.
I love you.
There's a reason the iPhone autocorrects "Yolo" to "tool."
The weekend just logged me out due to inactivity.
We're all equal. But I'm more equal than you.
Is your fridge running? Nah, it's chillin.
I was a trampoline salesman Off and on.
What happen after JFK's assassination? A funeral.
gonna name my first born Horse_ebooks
What do you call a discounted Zuckerberg? Marked down!
I like my women like I like my humor, dry.
Telephone Problems by Ron Number
What do u call a Jamaican proctologist? Poke'mon
A dyslexic poet that has a fetish for rim licks.
Where can you bid on internet mail order brides? eBae
What's Tim Cook's new nickname? Jack The Ripper
Guys, I found a cure for my Alzheimer's!
Why isn't there gambling in Africa? Too many cheetahs.
A r/news mod walks into a bar [Removed]
*Likes your fan page* *Hides activity from timeline*
And then the devil said, "tell her to calm down."
I invented a new word It's called plagiarism
What did the policeman say to the jumper? Pullover
I got 99 karma but link ain't one.
A guy walks into a bar... ouch
What did they call Hitler's limo driver? the Chau-fuhrer
Why was the bottle laying down? someone flipped it.
Speechless This message has no content.
2 men walk into a bar The third one ducks.
why was 6 afraid of 7? because 7,8,9.
*arouses suspicion* Suspicion: I have a boyfriend. But c'mere.
Will I become attractive if I swallow magnets?
How did the farmer find his daughter? He Tractor.
Steve Jobs will be back He's an Android afterall.
What rhymes with computer? No it doesn't...
I hate girls with double standards unless they're pretty
Education is a team effort There's no 'i' in 'illiteracy'!
What do you call Kansas overrun by pirates? Arkansas
What do you call an albino gorilla? Honkey Kong
Why couldn't Helen Keller drive? Because she was a woman.
Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand.
What is Unidan's favorite fast food joint? Five Guys.
Welcome to woodworking club, please make a seat.
"Let's get ready to bumble!!!" - Bees
What instrument do you play Beside blowing dick?
You know you're in the r/science subreddit when [removed]
What's the latest Irish invention? A helicopter ejector seat
Rattlesnakes and Condoms ...two things I don't fuck with.
Why Couldn't Hellen Keller Drive? Because she is a woman.
I like my women how I like my coffee... Drunk.
Why do men act like idiots? Who says they're acting?
Who is the new member of the X-MEN Caitlyn Jenner
"Pumpkin spiceberg, literally right ahead!" -White girl Titanic
What's a blind mans favorite car? A cataract
Ken walks into a bar... ..bie doll.
what do you call a gay sloth? Slow-mosexual
What is Trump's favourite movie? Wall-E.
What was Hitler's favorite drink? Jews
The divorce rate among my socks is astonishing.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
For all the downvoters GO FUCK YOUR MOTHER
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands!
Everyone's a feminist until they're stuck on a sinking ship.
So, a catholic priest comes on a playground...
Hit snooze until the panic sets in.
Rehab is for quitters, and Lindsay Lohan is no quitter.
If your rape whistle doesn't work you're fucked.
Why did the water turn into steam? It mistbehaved
Sex is like cookies... ...gotta ask for consent first.
What sounds like a joke, but isn't funny? an anti-joke.
Joke What comes after 69?
"What's an FAQ?" is probably an FAQ.
Where would men be without women? The Garden of Eden
How do they perform abortions at Hogwarts? Fetus Deletus
why do people swerve I love running over stuff
I met my soulmate. She didn't.
Saint West, the patron of selfies
Virgins everywhere are fucking nowhere.
Do you charge for circumcisions? No, I only take tips
Dear God, I asked about atheism today.
What do West Virginians call a pretty woman? A  tourist.
Hey everyone. I created a new word today. Plagiarism.
What gets wetter as it dries your mom
My beard itches, Web MD: Beard cancer
Why do black people have bigger penises? TestosTyrone
What do you call a Muslim Elvis Impersonator? Alam Shookup.
Do they still call it hump day in prison?
Why do farts smell? So the deaf can enjoy them.
My new years resolution is 1200x800
STRESSED is just DESSERTS spelled backward.
Sometimes I get to lazy to fini
What's a Scottish cannibal's favorite food? Mac in cheese
How did Paul McCartney get Linda pregnant? C Moon
What does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? Flush
How do you make a tiramisu? With a thousand Gigamisous
Joke A dyslexic man walked into a bra.
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
What do fish smoke? Seaweed
What literary genre is Frozen? Bildungsnowman. (OC)
How many people live in South America? A Brazillion
KNOCK KNOCK "I am already owning one."
What's the useless skin around the vagina called? The woman.
Is Lobster Bisque a good rap name?
What's tennis players favourite  city? Volley wood!
Food is like dark humor. Not everybody gets it.
What's Donald Trumps favourite album? "The Wall" by Pink Floyd
I'm on a seafood diet... Anything I see, I eat
Whats a Drummers favorite Pokemon? Rattata
Headphone Jack [Removed]
How do you stretch your back? "I don't know." **shrugs*
Why do melons tend to have large weddings? They cantaloupe
What is Jack the Rippers favorite restaurant? Chick Fillet
Zencrafters.... Total enlightenment, in about an hour.
The only sex a priest got on Friday... Was nun!
Ever had a yellow snowcone? Urine for a treat!
The highest form of flattery A plateau
Alcohol goes in, truth comes out.
Why don't girls have beards? It's in their "jeans" ;)
I never buy Velcro It's such a rip off.
Doctor Doctor I feel like a  dog! Sit!
My phone died doing what it loves: dying.
I can't pet a cat without plotting world domination.
PMS Jokes aren't funny. Period.
She's not a slut... She's just a weiner connoisseur.
I didnt just read it I Reddit
Royal flushes aren't very common. The Queen's homes must stink.
julia!!!! sorry , i am a gay ...
So a quadriplegic amputee went... Absolutely nowhere.
My Korean friend died yesterday... So Yung...
Why are doritos triangular? Because they are illuminachos.
What is Donald Trump's least favorite '80s band? Foreigner
Went to fight.. Hockey game broke out.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalatapus
Why should you never buy ukrainian underwear? Chernobyl fallout.
I met an obsessive-compulsive sodomite once. He was anal-retentive.
How do astronauts make a party? They plan-et.
My favorite letter is elamenopee.
What does God call his nose? God knows.
What do you call a pair of snakeskin trousers? Serpants.
Why didn't Herbert Hoover get re-elected? Because he sucked.
Knock Knock Who's there? No bitches
Last words of an electrician... ... "the fuck dis cable?"
What do you call a Asian born in Canada Ehsian
Q: What do massage therapists eat for dinner? A: Spa-ghetti.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? DR.Dre
Just beat my record for most consecutive days without dying.
Conjunctivitis.com Now that's a site for sore eye's!
Dude you're a dentist. Why am I in stirrups?
What insulator has the greatest electrical resistance? your mohm
My stages of drunk: 1) onstage 2) backstage 3) hostage
What's the longest sentence in the English language? I do.
What kind of coffee does an executioner drink? Decap
A tenner killed a baby it was a new low
So, what if Mohammed does a self portrait?
Whatever you do, always give 100%. Unless you're donating blood.
Teeth are always in style!
Canadians pack your bags We have another immigration crisis
Holy shit you guys. Twitter works outside too.
welcome to denny's. don't eat that brown stuff. that's tables
Why did Snoop Dogg get arrested? Embezzlement
What is the square root of 69? -*ate* somethin'.
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
Why are giraffes so tall? Because cheetahs are faster.
I'm not racist, I hate ALL black people.
What happens after Amy Chua? Amy Swallowa.
If Satan lost his hair... ...there would be hell toupe.
Who was the greatest motherfucker in history? Oedipus.
What do dyslexic zombies want to eat? Brians
I'm trying, but all the Liam Neeson jokes are taken.
I'm on a whiskey diet... I've already lost three days.
a mute tells a deaf person a joke
Happy April's fools! ... No really, what did you expect?
[AMA Request] A hipster who admits he/she is a hipster.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable
What's the best thing about escalator jokes The short delivery.
What do Hillbillies do for Halloween? Pump-Kin
A man walk into a bar and he said "oww"
Wait I had a really good joke about amnesia...
Chuck Norris counted to infinity...... Twice.
what does 'B' in Benoit B. Mandelbrot stand for ?
My son was on eBay this morning No bids yet
Getting your shit together just sounds unsanitary
ok he'res funny joke lol.
I like my cream like I like my slaves Whipped
What do you call a king's fart? Noble gas
pregnancy tests should just read "pregnant" or "nope just fat"
How did Hitler masturbate? Fureriously.
Mom... Are you a virgin?
At the end of the day it's 23:59:59
Geology rocks but making holes in rocks is boring.
Today's kids play TSA agent instead of doctor.
What do you need to poop in the forest? Toiletries
The Man-whisperer. My dog at 6am.
Dark humour is like food. Not everybody gets it.
Your heart! *bursts out laughing* It's an inside joke.
Where did the small road go to college? Tulane University
Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs? Watts the difference!
Dogs can't operate an MRI machine But catscan
What's the most frustrating thing in the world?
*jumps into volcano as sacrifice* *volcano spits me back out*
What would gold say if it could talk? "A-U" :|
What has two legs and bleeds? half a dog
What is Hillary Clintons favorite type of footwear? flip-flops
New drugs? Look them up on trip advisor!!
*dims the lights so you look like your selfies*
"Why are you glowing?" "I've been eating light."
How do you get dragon pee? Drop your catheter bag.
the most dangerous dog breed is probably the Crime Lab
Statistics show that six out of seven dwarves aren't happy
Exercise, the poor man's plastic surgery.
The DNC Yup
I got a round of flu shots... They tasted horrible.
What is a priest's favorite guitar chord? Gsus
What is the leading cause of dry skin? Bath towels...
Something is fishy do crabs think fish are flying?
I only date black chicks cause I hate meeting fathers..
What's 6" long and women love it? 100$ bill.
What's tall, white and has ears? A mountain.
What does a little sister ride? A nii san
What's a Jewish person's least favourite subreddit? r/showerthoughts
*watches a house fall on you* *steals your shoes*
Why does Jesus like Japanese food? Because he loves miso
What do narcoleptic people drink in bars? BoozZzZzZzZzZzZ^Z^z^Z^z^Z^z
Yerr a unit of power Harry! Im a watt?
Violinists are so brave. They fret not.
What has eyes but can't see? Hellen Keller
Idaho The official potato of your mom
Chinese elders dildo SHITTY SHITTY SHITTY
Damn girl are you a cornfield? Because I'm stalking you.
Whats around $5000+ and enhances personality? Breast implants.
Whenever Barry Allen is around, everything happens in a flash
do you like icecream? then maybe you should marry it
How do you take a selfie with a goat?
What's Obama's favorite word? uh...
Balls Deep is not a accurate form of measurement.
What kind of exercise do lazy people do? Diddly-squats.
I prevented a rape today I gave my consent.
What do Mediterranean volcanoes make for dessert? bakLAVA
*tries to quietly eat carrot sticks during your funeral*
Whats E.T short for? Because he's got little legs.
Had to dump my Amish girlfriend.... she drove me buggy.
Some people need Rosetta Stone for Sarcasm
Who's great at math, but always tells lies? Fibonacci
The fast and the furious 8 (spoiler alert)
Why dont blacks celibrate thanksgiving? KFC isnt open on holidays.
"Police! Open up!" "No, you're gonna yell at me"
What do you call an Arabic rapper? Vanilla Isis
So I found out today I have Alzheimer's...
Can a match box no, but a tin can ;)
Why is Iron Man's arch nemesis not Wrinkle Man?
So I posted an opposing view on r/The_Donald [removed]
Finland's borders Are Finland's borders called the finnish lines?
Why can't chickens pee? Their pecker's on the wrong end.
[in the insect dissection room] Your fly is open.
I used to play water polo But the horse drowned
Where does the General keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Why be on time when I can make shitty excuses?
Like it or not... That's how Facebook works.
What's the difference between In-laws and 0utlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
I'm jobless. I'm making a career out of it.
What's an epileptic's favorite side dish? Seizure salad.
Cannibal Someone who is fed up with people
Scientists have found the cause of paedophilia. Sexy children.
How do bovines do math? They use a cow-culator! Ba-dum-tsss!
Sheryl Crow singing the national anthem
Every day is a holiday if you love yelling.
Our middle child says we neglect him/her.
Whats the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The wheelchair.
Women are like spaghetti. They're straight until wet.
My favorite joke [ha ha ha](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Womens_rights)
More like March Sadness.
Question starts with a Q... ...and ends with an E.
What does Batman like in his lemonade? Just ice.
A man walks into a bar..... "ouch"
What do you get when you squish a synagogue? Jews
Yo momma smell so bad.... I can smell her retronasally.
"Chill out." - Spanish receptionist saying Jill isn't in.
How do you disappoint a Redditor? [corrected] NSFW [deleted]
How much is a metric fuck-ton? A shitload.
My hamster died today. He fell asleep at the wheel.
What's better than a laxative? Reddit.
Revenge is a dish best served with revengetables.
What does a vulture bring onto a plane? Carrion luggage
Wanna see a joke? Look at your dick
Me and my lover, sitting in a tree A-R-G-U-I-N-G
What's brown and sticky? Chris Brown after each prison stay.
Chuck Norris' prostate is used to examine doctor's fingers.
What do astronauts wear to bed? Space Jammies!
Will no one rid me of this turbulent poodle?
My fruit business went into liquidation. I now sell smoothies.
How does a blacksmith know you farted? He smelt it
Why is CoD like women? Search and Destroy.
What does Laquisha have for breakfast? Plan B
person: what is your dog's name me: he won't say
A man walks into a bar... ... he says "ouch!"
I got a joke for you. [The Bush Adminstration.]( http://youtu.be/92bEu7sQ5_Q)
What is a lazy persons favourite exercise routine? Diddly squat.
What musical instrument goes with cheese?  Picklelo.
Which element is unsure of it's gender? Sili-kin
Why did Hitler commit suicide? ...he got the gas bill
If Satan ever loses his hair, there'll be hell toupee
Neo Nazi? Morpheus unhappy.
A man walks into a bar... And says "ouch".
FARMER: Who raided my vegetable patch?  PIGLET: Beets me!
What caused "The Black Death"? The police.
*takes your compliment* *stares nervously at it*
What is the proudest body part? the veins
Who is the chess player's dream companion? A *Czech Mate*
The pope just pooped Holy shit
I always forget the name Lance is short for "Ambulance"
TIL Redditors are easy to fool.
Netflix suggested I watch my kids.
What kind of underwear do old people wear? ...Depends.
I think my virginity is growing back.
I can't wear preppy clothes... I'm Lacoste Intolerant.
Which part of a vegetable isn't edible? His wheelchair.
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur? Lickalotapus
Where does Obama live? The "Baracks"
If at first you don't succeed, buy her another beer.
Outspoken masochists. They're asking for a beating.
What kind of tea is hard to swallow? Reality.
What does Sonic say on Ramadan? "Gotta go fast!"
When in Rome... Crucify Jesus
So... a dyslexic man walks into a bra.
Why is six scared of seven? Because seven is black.
What does a vegetarian zombie eat? Graaaaaaiiiiiinnns
I love pteradons They're my favorite dinosoars.
Who's the fattest knight at the king's table? circumference
Where do Muslims go after they die? Everywhere.
What's white and washes your socks? Your wife.
In space they just call it "Jam"
The one good thing about Hitler? He killed Hitler.
The Joys of Hitch-hiking by Marsha Long
A guy votes for Donald Trump The guy
Everyone in this reddit likes the same food? Copy Pasta
When life gives you melons... You're probably dyslexic
What do you call a Vulcan sheep? Shbaaaaaaaahk
"Please don't make a scene." -Horrible movie director
Q: What do you give a sick bird? A: Tweetment.
I'm drinking some pretty average tea... It's Mediocritea.
What do flies do at church? Flyspray
What's yellow and writes? A ball-point banana.
It's just an alarm clock Really, it is. http://imgur.com/tdZrIAB
Who cleans up after Seeing Eye Dogs?
I like my woman how I like my burritos Wet
What do you call your ex-girlfriend in Maryland? Old bae.
What does a gay crow say? COCK COCK COCK COCk
My fortune cookie read "End of roll. Replace"
Why are all ants British? Because they colonize.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
Yo mama so stupid she stole free bread.
Adam Sandler
I can sum up 2016 in one word... Nine.
Where do the stinky penguins live? Antfartica
Why did the paraplegic man cross the road? He couldn't
How long is a meter in Spain? A Spanard
Panties not best thing on earth, but next to it.
Life is like a pipette filler It sucks.
What do you call a manic bear? A bipolar bear.
Why didn't the bird cross the road? It chickened out.
What is green and flies above Poland? Peter Pansky
Out of order. How does a time traveler tell jokes?
My daydream solution to organizing my house is always arson.
I refuse to work with compost It's degrading
Not right now green light, I'm taking a selfie.
I can't get enough minimalism.
What do you call 2000 mockingbirds? 2 kilo mockingbirds
Alligators and Condoms Are two things I don't fuck with
What does a subatomic duck say? "Quark!"
My quantum milkshake machine brings every boy to all yards.
What do you call a chinese jew? Oriental Cooking
One guacamole is... equal to 6.0221415 x 10^23 guaca's.
Bills travel through the mail at twice the speed.
What does a nosy pepper do? Gets jalapeno business
Always a metermaid never a meter
The Universe is made of Electrons, Protons, Neutrons and.. Morons.
Open heart surgery? No, just rip it out.
What's the difference between Canadians and Americans? 100 pounds.
Whats the hardest part of vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
Sorry for throwing mice at your wedding.
What do Mexicans put under their carpet? Underlay! Underlay!
What do all Amish girls want? Two Mennonite
Who was the chicken's favorite musician? Bach.
If you think grammar isn't important, well, it's.
Knock knock. Who's there? Early punchline Early punchline who? ......
Why JFK doesn't wear hats? It is an airport.
Last rites? Over my dead body...
Whats invisible and smells like carrots? bunny farts
Why was six afraid of seven? Because seven's odd.
What is ET short for? He's got little legs.
Why do girls keep giving me their fax numbers?
*calls you by wrong name in bed, blames autocorrect*
What country do cows love to visit? Moo Zealand!
It's windows 10 because 7 8 9
Don't you just hate it when... people don't finish their
Live tweeting tomorrow's hangover tonight.
What's a basic girl's favorite vegetable? Asperrygus
What are your thoughts on monorails? They make decent one-liners.
What do you call a penguin in the desert? Lost.
Why to Native Americans wear Jockstraps? TOTEM POLE!!
I like my beer like I like my neighbours White.
The Escaping Herd by Gay Topen
I'm agnostic. What happens when I die? Idk...
I am not racist ... My shadow is black.
Thoughts on my new mustache. It's growing on me.
How Do You Make a Plumber Cry Kill his Family.
What do pirate farmers charge for their corn? A buccaneer
Cleavage is the original Jedi Mind Trick.
TIFU by having sex in an elevator
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
What do you call a slutty horse? A Whorse
How Russians win wars Rushing
What does a perverted cow do at night? Beef Jerkey
You wouldn't know her. She goes to a different Internet
I remember my first crush..: Orange.
What's a Redditor's favorite color? M'genta
I remixed a remix... ...&amp; it was back to normal!
What would Jesus actually do? Probably ban nail guns
What do you call a female alligator? A galligator
I accidently filled the escort with diesel.... And she died.
Mail from Grandma: FW:FW:FW:FW:FW:FW:FW:FW:No subject
What's the most popular sports channel in Mexico? ESPNOL
Politically Correct Chiggers Chegreos.
What do you call immigrants to Sweden? Ugly.
What Time Did Sean Connery Arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish
"I'm a feminist," he said wanttogetintoyourpantsingly.
What's Obama's favorite thing to do on the weekend? Socialize
"Describe yourself in three words" "Lazy"
All of my suspicions are sneaking around.
An unsharpened pencil... ...is pointless.
Is siri better than you? that's a siri-ous question.
Drunk girls whisper in caps lock.
TIFU By posting in the wrong subreddit....
Holocaust jokes are not funny Anne Frankly sick of them.
Why do scholars use big words? To avoid circumlocution.
My signature move is not caring which one yours is.
Never trust a vegetarian who eats animal crackers
What do you call a small petition? Petite (Basin Tss)
If you need space  join NASA' Baby! XD
Wanna hear a joke? Women's rights.
How do you say the name Ray in Jamaican? Raymond
What's Christmas called in England ? Yule Britannia !
Knock, knock, Come in.
what do you call a fish with no eyes?? fsh
My friend told me to sing Wonderwall I said maybe.
I reverse engineered a time machine... Eureka!
Where do alcoholics get their breakfast pastries? Drunken Donuts
What gets wet as it dries? Texas after a drought.
Send Text Messages From your PC with Mobogenie Hi
What do fat women get for Valentine's day? Depressed
You're an open book? "Throws you into a bonfire."
Guess how I spell distraction? R-E-D-D-I-T
#HowToAvoidPoliticsAtDinner bring up something less controversial, like religion.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
I'm as bored as a slut on her period.
I have a lips which makes me psecial
What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray!
What did the Bulbasaur say to the Charmander? "Bulbasaur!!"
What's a rabbits' favorite song? "Hoppy Birthday to You."
Sometimes I think I have ADD... ...oh look a bird!
Worlds shortest joke... (fixed) My life.
We all have our weaknesses. Yours are just more obvious.
How did the butcher introduce his wife? Meat Pattie
What is Jesus' favorite band? Nine Inch Nails
Do you like fish sticks? Who are you? Kanye West?
Why does Pinocchio lie? Because he's a fucking liar.
You're so pretty, you could be in a beer commercial.
This self checkout lane has the sexiest cashier.
How does batman store energy? In BATteries
I invented a new word. Plagiarism.
volcano (n.) [vol-key-noh]  A mountain getting its rocks off.
If you met my friends, you would understand.
What's Obama's favorite game console? "The Xbox One"
Kiwis are just lemons that forgot to shave.
Maybe I forgot to text back. Maybe it's Maybelline.
What do fat girls do in the summer? Stink
What do you call cows that are best friends? Brovines.
Nobody deserves to look that peaceful sleeping. SLAP.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever
I don't drink anymore... ...I don't drink any less either.
Two words:
Hangover status: playing duct, duct, tape with the kids.
"I" before "E" except after "Old MacDonald had a farm"
If at first you don't succeed, Skydiving isn't for you.
How do Hawaiian Muslims greet each other? "Aloha Akbar!"
I make terrible science jokes... ...but only periodically.
Q: What do you call African water? Nicaragua
Girls just wanna have Funds
How do you say Vaseline in German? Vienerslidein
TED talk about staying in bed
"i'm really more of a dog person." -- werewolf
What's the difference between snowmen and snow-women? Snowballs.
What is matthew mcconaughey favorite bread? All rye all rye
Silent Night, Holy Night, All is calm, CORNDOG FIGHT.
I really would love to see two mimes arguing
What Do You Call An Arrogant NASA Employee? A Nas-hole!
This new thesaurus isn't just terrible, it's also terrible.
What does Salvador Dali have for breakfast? Surreal.
Marriage is a three-ring circus:  Engagement ring...  Wedding ring...  Suffering!!!
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
Water parks in California are now just regular parks
What cell service do nuns in wheelchair have? Virgin Mobile
I know Madonna, on a first name basis.
Facetious. Because I like to use all vowels, in order.
What is the program for pranking insane people called? Pantaloon
When life hands you melons, you know you're dyslexic.
What do kids eat for breakfast? Yogoat
Welcome to AlzheimersAware.co.uk. Forgot your password? Of course you did.
Where does a cow stop to drink? The milky way!
Loses house keys. Builds new house.
Reading while sunbaking Makes you well-read
Yo mama's so dumb she bought WinRar.
What state has the smallest soft drinks? Minnesota
What is the biggest obstacle in getting rich quickly? Cops
Misunderstandings happen when one person is clearly stupid.
Met a girl named Gravity She was down to earth...
I invented a time machine... ...next week.
Ask your doctor if practicing medicine is right for him
Theirye're, problem solved.
I won't believe corporations are people Until Texas executes one.
What gets better with age? Necrophilia
Turning vegan is a big missed steak.
Well, America actually did it It Trumped Brexit.
What's 50 Cents name in Zimbabwe? 400 million.
I renamed my iPod to Titanic... it's syncing now!
optimists don't jack off... ...they jack on
my parents met on reddit im the joke
What font is used for alphabet soup. Times New Ramen
What is white and lies in the grass? A shleep.
Not now, kids. Mommy's boiling the Easter bunny.
No thanks, toilets that flush. -kids
Where do you drown a hipster? The Mainstream.
[HIGHLY OFFENSIVE] TRANSGENDER MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE
what's your best oscar one liner? tell me.
Welcome to thievery club. Please take a seat.
"Guess What?" "What?" "Good Guess"
What goes "Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-pop click-click-click-click-click-click pop-click"? A stuttering South African tribesman.
What lives in gum trees ? Stick insects !
Shout out to... ...baseball players who have three strikes.
I shouldn't have said that. - Me. Whenever I talk.
What car did the Apostles drive? (Hint:Acts 2:1 KJV)
What political party does Jon Snow belong to? The Know-Nothings!
"is this the Krusty crab?" No! This is Patrick!
I'm a British real estate agent I only drink propertea.
Prince The artist formally known as alive
What does DNA stand for? National Dyslexic Association
What do soybeans call their mother? Edamame.
If clouds became sentient... They would take over the world.
[interrupts co-worker] actually I don't feel like talking to you
I have an addiction to cheddar... But it's only mild
Gravity makes a terrible friend. It's always holding you down.
i want to make my racing snail like turbo snail
What's Eric Garner's favorite song? Breathe Again- Toni Braxton
What do Hillbillies do on Halloween? Pumpkin
Confucius says: Woman who sleeps with judge..... receives honorable discharge
Someone stole my catheter... ... they really took the piss.
Farts are ghosts of things we eat!
What do you call a musician Trump supporter? A Trump-et
new antidepressant for lesbians has just been unveiled. Tricoxagan.
Wearing sunglasses makes you look (_) *Shady.*
Why is divorce so expensive? BECAUSE IT'S WORTH IT!!!
Gang rape... ...5 of 6 people will enjoy it.
The ultimate home security system is having shitty stuff.
Knock knock, who's there? Not your dad, that's for sure!
What comes in little cans? Red Bull and Priests.
Why did Jesus look so ripped during Crucifixion? CrossFit
What was the demon arrested for? Possession.
Where do kings keep there armies? In their sleevies.
Natural Rights - opposite of natural lefts
Trans-Jenner? Has that joke been made yet?
Which rabbit was in Western movies?  Hopalong Cassidy.
What kind of reptile loves to start shit? An insta-gator
16,875,547,322 traffic-related bug deaths so far this year
How do you organize a space party you planet
According to the Bible, what's Noah's favorite fruit? Pears.
What is Vladimir Putin's favourite subject? Computin science
Who is the most successful rapist? Django
What do you call a Rastafarian Police Officer? Jamaican Bacon...
Oldest boy band in the world One erection
What kind of milk does Mitt Romney drink? 1%
It's not stalking if you don't put it in park.
What's the male equivalent of a feminist? A sexist.
Three /r/Jokes mods walk in a bar.............. [removed]
What do you call a battered Irish Man? Mashed Potatoes.
What's the definition of macho? Jogging home from your vasectomy.
RIP boiling water You will be mist
Guess what I did today.... i 2^3  
I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
What noise does Doppler's cat make? Meeeeeaaaaaaoooooo^oooowwww^wwww^www
Isn't the smell of defeat... ...the smell of de socks?
The difference between my dick and Stuart Little ? Stuart.
So I fired my sphere maker... He kept cutting corners.
Internet Explorer. The number one browser..... For downloading other browsers.
What is Mario's favorite material? Denim Denim Denim
Describe yourself in three words... Lazy.
What does an identity thief look like? A mirror.
I'm not an alpha male I'm a male
What do you call ghosts that haunt liquor stores? Spirits
Yo momma so fat... Her first name is Chow Yun.
Which blood type does a bad speler have? Typo
I wouldn't recommend eating German sausage... It's the wurst!
What equine likes to cut in line? A sawhorse!
I can sleep for ages and not get tired
"Stationary shop moves".....
What does Bill Cosby eat for breakfast? Rapefruit
What is a homophobe's favorite fruit? Cant-elope.
When chuck Norris was born WWII had ended
I have accepted "Jesus Christ!" as my personal exclamation.
Take your time for this joke Loading..
*downloads Pinterest *pins tutorial on how to uninstall Pinterest *uninstalls
Used to hate red lights before text messaging was invented.
What do you call a mean Potato? A Dictator.
Why are aspirins white? Because they actually work.
President Chafee
Facebook needs a "who cares?" button.
What do you call an Islamic comedian? A Funni Muslim
So a Mormon walks into a bar..
Spell Indian tent with two letters. TP.
What did Walter White teach? Advanced methematics.
Why did Rembrandt lose his house? Because he was *Baroque*.
Why did the bullet stay home? Because it got fired!
The French cow says MEUX...
Clean Jokes... ...Are hard to cum by.
Why were the bakers hands brown? He kneaded a poo
The Republican Presidential Candidates
My appointment at Gamblers Anonymous is at 25 to 1...
"What is your greatest strength"? Brevity.
Women are good for 70 things Cooking and 69
I'm so petty People call me Tom
How do you say Tony Romo in Spanish? Mark Sanchez.
Sounds like its time to get that Enterprise built!
Pikachu used thunderbolt... Squirtle fainted.
Why don't melons marry on a whim? They cantaloupe.
What do teachers drink at school? Facul-tea
What kind of car did Jesus drive? a manual.
What's the difference between an incomplete riddle?
How do you make a redditor impatient? loading...
On Chick-fil-a... Do they realize they're serving cock between buns?
What's Jesus' Favourite gun? A nailgun
Accidental Seafood I tried dolphin once...but not on porpoise.
Look, Granny, I'm a little white boy!
How do Russians put windows in? Putin Windows duh.
What's the first thing you know? Old Jed's a millionaire.
How does a Jewish man make coffee? Hebrews it
My exercising equipment has a hobby It collects dust
What is a hipster's favorite candy? Rolos.
It's Thanksgiving! Who doesn't like Turkey? Russia.
what is american soup made from? laughing stock
What is a neckbeard's favorite type of wood? m'hogany
16 sodium atoms walks into a bar.... followed by Batman.
An Irish man walks out of a bar...
Hillary sucks But not like Monica
An Irish man walks into a bar. .
I am woman, hear me ignore.
What do you call assistants that help citrus fruit? Lemonade.
What's a neckbeard's favorite spread? Marm'lady
Here, take my advice. It's not like I'm using it...
Whats brown and sticky? A stick
Googled 'how to start a fire' got 10000 matches
"Daddy, how do stars die?" "Why do you ask, Sun?"
How does Moses make Coffee? Hebrews it.
What's the definition of 6.9? 69 interrupted by a period.
You know what's a load of crap? Anal sex
Japan's soccer team
What does Harry Potter call his penis? His Magic Johnson.
When you get a bladder infection... Urine trouble.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? a Lickalottapus
Nothing's louder than a quiet bathroom.
If you rape a prostitute is it rape or shoplifting
I love the new Upvote noise Reddit made... Thank you.
What kind of bee makes milk? A boobee!
What do you use to cover a herpetarium floor? Reptiles.
Amazon's Prime Day
acording to Jane Eyre... Love is blind
What's Whitney Houstons favourite kind of co-ordination? Haaand eeeeeeyeeee
What is Gordon Ramsay's least favourite subreddit? IT'S R/AWW!!
What's an educated hole in the wall? A wisecrack.
What do you call a shitty city? Turd Furgeson
What's Shia LaBeouf's favorite kind of choral arrangement? DUETS
What type of bees produce milk? Boo-bees!
You can't have your status and like it too.
Biggest joke on the planet. Real Madrid
Today I rented a prostitute... It was whore-ible
Why couldn't the bike stand up? It was two tired
Today is a military command: March Fourth!
My psychiatrist says I have revenge issues... I'll show him.
What do you call a Spanish baker? A con-quiche-ador
TV repair man...
Signs And Notices
Where do famous snakes go? Down in hisssstory!
I heard /r/Jokes likes pizza jokes.. Nevermind, it's too cheesy.
When do vampires bite you? On Wincedays.
Where's the biggest shopping center in Europe? Malldova
FRIEND: What's your type? ME: In guys or in blood?
What connects The Sixth Sense and Titanic? Icy dead people.
If blind people wear sunglasses Shouldn't deaf people wear earmuffs?
Chili today, Hot tamale.
What do you call an expensive circumcision? A bloody rip-off
What's a pirate's favorite letter? The C.
What was the name of Tom Sawyer's fish? Huckleberry Fin!
Confucius say Man high on sex use cherry picker
Think I will wear my SUPER BITCH cape today
"Hello darkness my old friend..." Darkness: "I have a boyfriend..."
What is recursion? [What is recursion?](http://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/211omr/what_is_recursion/)
Setting someone on fire is a very heartwarming gesture.
"Ameh." ~ Atheists at the end of a prayer
How do you hide from imminent retribution? Karmaflage!
What smells like pork? Kermits finger
Umm Adele, have you tried texting?
My voicemail message is just me sighing for 20 minutes.
What do you call a french racist? A beget!
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? To control Hispanic attacks
What has 9 arms and sucks? Def leppard
Michael Jackson to be recycled
Sex. Don't get it? good, you never will.
How do you confuse an idiot? 44
Batteries have a tough life. They're either working or dead.
All Aboard! by Abel Seamann
Remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else
What do you call a chilly office? A cubicicle
What do you call a fat town Obe-CITY
So an Irishman walks out of the bar.
I'm socially constipated... I haven't given a shit in years
What is DNA short for? National Dyslexics Association
Trump: "I'll win the latino vote"
Whats a pirates favorite letter? It be the "C"!
masturbate.
You know what sucks? Babies
What instrument do piggys play in a band?  Pigcussion!
A reposter reposted... And he was ashamed of himself.
.@Starbucks it is 2014 why don't you sell pickles
What do you call a blind German? A nazi.
Wanna hear a joke? Womens' rights
People who are afraid of pedophiles need to grow up
What does a math teacher say when they leave? calc-U-LATER
"I just got engaged!" -- Starship Enterprise
What's an ephebophile? A pedophile with a thesaurus.
Whats worse than being adopted Being adopted twice.
Whats a fedora clad, neck bearded gentlemen's favorite color? M'genta
He died doing what he loved: telling me I'm overreacting.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
How many roads must a man walk? 42.
Why can't the NSA leaker leave Russia? Because he's Snow'd-in!
Teen for rent: Knows everything, does nothing.
I got 99 problems and a bitch is one -JayZ
What's Trump's favorite Olympic sport? Fencing!
best joke ever.. HL3 confirmed
What do you call a lamppost in Niger? Progress.
What does a drowning person looks like lol
What's big and round and full of seamen? Your mom
What room is missing from almost every house? a Mushroom
Did you hear about the carnival fires? They were intense.
What is a Muslim baby's first word? "Revenge!"
What is the collective noun for three dyslexics? A riot.
What do martial artist love to drink? WATAAA
Take a deep breath. Exhale slowly. - Respirational Tweet
A police officer with integrity
A QA Tester walks into a bar.
Arnold Schwarzenegger wakes up on easter morning...
What do zombies with dyslexia eat? Brians.
Area Man Discovers New Dimension, Becomes Volume Man
What is the most common disease for lettuce? Icebergers.
What do you call a mexican without a car? CAR-LOSE
Ended a relationship today. Don't worry, it wasn't mine.
Why did darren willson quickscope michael brown? He was black.
Today Happy fathers day kids
"Daddy, how do stars die?" "Drugs, normally."
How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl-Esh.
CORDUROY PILLOWS Making headlines
6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
instagram me like one of your drunk girls
How does a Muslim close a door? Islams It.
Pizza joke? Forget it, it's too cheesy
Mirrors don't lie. Lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
What's a pirate's favorite move in chess? Check, matey.
Hipsters favorite ocean is Frank Ocean.
Nervous systems are so reckless They do everything on *impulse*
What do you call a lock with low self-confidence? Insecure.
The 4 Kinds of Clickbait Jokes:
What's a bulimic person's favorite movie? "The Purge"
me: goodnight moon moon: i have a boyfriend
What do Nagasaki and Tehran have in common??? Nothing... yet.
Depression. Why treat it when you can end it?
My mother is my travel agent for guilt trips.
"Was I adopted?" "Yes. But they brought you back."
"Had an ant farm once." "Them fuckers didn't grow shit."
Why aren't there any Muslim feminists? Pork is haram
What's the opposite of the word uncle-off-her? It's an aunt-*on*-him.
I have HIV Hair is vanishing
See you later masturbater Afterwhile pedophile
I fucked a sarcastic girl. She loved it.
Sex makes my day But anal makes my hole weak
People that are into beastieality. Are fucking animals.
An Irish man walks out of a bar... Not possible.
Love is a battlefield. And I fight naked.
I got a job at FedEx OP delivered
Want to know how I escaped Iraq? Iran.
What's a divorce attorney's favorite dessert? Wedding cake
you know what really turns on a nerd? unprotected wifi
"This sushi is terrible." "Sir, this is an aquarium."
What happens when memes get lose? (   )
What do you call dirty white underwear? Stained glass.
I exclusively use internet explorer to download Google chrome.
My Thanksgiving, in math &amp;radic;-1 &amp;mdash;&amp;mdash; &amp;nbsp; 8
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it :)
When ur butt's wet It's called buttsweat
I'm having a hard time... contrtolling my erections.
What kind of typewriters do vampires like?  Blood type-writers.
Damn girl are you Jewish! Cuz these balls are matzoh.
Says the Titanic to the Iceberg... so I was sinking...
How do scientists develop chewing gum flavors? Through ex-spear-i-mints.
Why doesn't America like knock knock jokes? Because freedom rings.
I heard she was born naked, that slut.
55% of people will yawn after reading the word "yawn."
What do you call a turtle without a shell? Dead.
What's in Pandora's box? A fine case of herpes.
Which is the most powerful colour? Super Cyan
pizza is my favorite winter activity
I like my Jews like I like my subway... Toasted.
To me, "drink responsibly" means don't spill it.
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn? Booooookake
What's slimy, green, and smells like bacon? Kermits finger.
I ignore politics because politicians clearly ignore me.
The Jackhammer, Now that was a groundbreaking discovery.
Gather round children, for my machine powered by round children
Who tries to steal fool's gold'? A pyrite!
How does one even? It simply doesn't, because it's odd.
You know what I get off on? Subway platforms.
What did Superman get at the supermarket? A Super Bowl
How do you spell women backwards? Kitchen
TIFU by pretending to be stabbed by a jihadi.
Where do Russians get their milk from? From moscow
Can February march? No, but April may. :-})
What do you call emotions of a DNA? Gene expressions
Thinking about calling 911 just to feel a fireman's embrace.
How did the actress from Legally Blonde die? Witherknife
What makes eggs so athletic? They go ovary and above.
What's a fat kids favorite musical instrument? The lunch bell!
What's Borat's favorite neighborhood? Van Nuys
What do builders use to make websites? Com.crete.
We'd be scared of beavers if trees screamed.
Do you know whats funnier than 24? 25.
Made a shepherd's pie last night... He didn't like it.
I'm THIS MANY drunk!! *holds up waffle*
96.86% of pastries are not s
What do you call a gay Asian? Caucasian
Jokes about menstruation aren't funny. Period.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because air is free.
Patriots 2015 Super Bowl Champion *
with great power comes great electricity bills
Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make everything up.
Why Couldn't The Melon Get Married Because it can't-elope!
A prison inmate walks into a bar.
How did Kurt Cobain die? With a Cobang
All You Need to Know about Explosives by  Dinah Mite
Where do poor Italians live? In the spaghetto...
What's a mimes favorite class at school? Speech and debate
You guys wanna hear a joke? Lil Wayne
It's okay to laugh during sex, just don't point.
Nice try speed bumps, it's a rental.
I need a new ass Mine's cracked
Eating a cigarette.
Why do Mexicans like spicy food? It induces labor.
What do you call a person who fights fire? Firefighter.
EXCLUSIVE OFFER: 1,000 tampons for only $5 No strings attached.
Peace in the Middle East, bruh! Hah, yah right...
Jokes about stuttering ...are a big big, no no.
Who gets the most ass in college? The chair
Dbz joke Yamaha won
Speed kills Mo'mentum, mo' problems.
What's hard and pink? A pig with a flick knife.
Science jokes these days... All the good ones Argon.
Mary Rose sat on a pin Mary rose
Where do Danish cows come from?  Cowpenhagenf
What type of writing makes the most money? Ransom notes.
What language do lesbians speak? Gaelic.
What do fat girls do in the summertime? Stink.
If she's "one-in-million" there's 1,344 of her in China.
What are the scariest jokes in space? Knock-Knock Jokes
What do you call an Italian hooker? A pastatute
What was the executioner's favorite shampoo? Head and shoulders.
Where did Mary go when the bombs went off? Everywhere.
Why'd the apple jump in the grinder? He was suicider.
What do straight horses eat? hay
Which Vice President was the best at making beats? Algorithm
123 ke na acredite
What do you call a rapping egg? Over-easy E
Mom hires magician for birthday party, Voldemort #badluckbrian
Quick, I need some fables, ASOP.
Christmas vacation is like my dick... ...not long enough.
Why is my father so abusive? Beats me
My body is a temple Only because it hates Palestine
RIP boiled water. You will be mist.
Does this bloodstained bunny suit make me look mentally unstable?
Multiple bathrooms are the glue that hold marriages together.
Reddit, what good thing got ruined? Reddit.
What is the longest rope in the world? Europe
Good news in Syria today Just kidding
What's a feminist's least favorite food? Gender rolls
What kind of car does a viking drive? A fjord
My tombstone will read I should have googled it first.
The last human alive will get no funeral.
How do black people tan? Holding their hands up
Knock-knock Who's there? Dave. Dave's not here, man...
What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.
When do ghosts usually appear? Just before someone screams.
I can move things with my mind. Like, my arms.
My husband believes my greatest accomplishment... is his last name.
Seriously, Twitter. Do NOT import my contacts.
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say 'Hello'? Konichihuahua
What was the Feminist's least favorite subject? Trigger-nometry.
How do you organize a party in space? You Planet
How do you say unicorn in Spanish? Unamaize
God does exist If you're North Korean
What was Osama bin Laden's favorite drink? Jager bombs
Those men drinking battery acid Will soon be charged
Most pencils have erasers But that's beside the point
What do you do when nothing goes right? Go left
What's the internal temperature of a Tauntaun? Lukewarm.
My Fallout 4 Review It's a blast.
Where do Easter bunnies dance? At the basketball.
What do you call a homosexual Hispanic peeping tom? Peeko-da-guyo.
85% of baseball's appeal is good weather and alcohol.
How to Make A Cat Go Woof
Atheism is a non-prophet organization
What is the best method of separating juice? by concentration.
What does a cannibal call a skateboarder?  Meals on wheels.
Tom Brady will be suspended from his balls
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae School
There's nothing common... about Tutankhamun.
Pickles = Zombie Cucumbers
Why couldn't Jango wear Boba's helmet? It didn't Fett.
TIL I'm bad at posting at the right subreddit
I wish robot servants were affordable already.
Why was the Human Torch arrested? He had firearms.
Like this! How do you fuck up a joke?
A beaver was praying to God, and said... Oh goddammit
Why did the joke on /r/jokes get removed? [removed]
Money doesn't impress me. You know what does? Treehouses.
If abortion is murder... wearing a condom must be kidnapping.
What sounds does a vicar's gun make? Pew! Pew!
What is Dr. Seuss' favorite play? Green Eggs and Hamlet
What do you call houses who have good behavior? Manors.
What grades did Fidel Castro get at school? Full Marx
What type of cheese is made backwards? Edam
no soap, radio.
How do dolphins send messages? By sea-mail.
What was Dr Frankenstein's second job? He was a body-builder
Chrosshair Crosshair is what rabbit breeders do.
Two Cleaners In A Car... Broom Broom
Longest joke in the world (source) http://longestjokeintheworld.com
What do you call "nigga milk"? Coffee.
Text response from a confused carcass: I decay.
The three unwritten rules of /r/cleanjokes are: 1. 2. 3.
I've recently started eating steel It's a refined taste
Dark humor is like food Not everybody gets it
*unplugs grandpas life support to charge my vape*
The thing about being vague is, lots of stuff.
What has a bottom on a top? A leg.
Where does big-foot keep his genitals? In his sascrotch!
What kind of trees watch kids in Mexico? Baby cedar
How do you make an egg roll? Push it.
What's a Catholic's favorite way to send money? PayPal
How does a backwards poet write? Inverse
How do you think the unthinkable? with an itheberg.
Who is ant man's worst enemy? Raid
What is heavy forward but not backward? Ton
Social Security. Get it? You will when you're 65.
What is red and bad for your teeth? A Brick.
I had amnesia once - maybe twice.
What's got 2 legs and bleeds? Half a dog.
Pain Pills? You mean bitch mints? **^^flexes**
Jumps into shower Shower : I have a boyfriend
I haven't been ignoring you; I've been prioritizing you.
What is Sacha Baron Cohen's favorite ion? Borate.
What starts with F and ends with UCK? Firetruck. Sorry.
Who's the loneliest Mexican Juan
Ellen Pao's front teeth
Whenever I tell dad jokes he laughs.
Tony the tiger has a sleeping problem. His teeth grate!
What do Popeye's fingers smell like? Olive oil.
Herb was diagnosed with cancer. It was a basil-cell carcinoma.
Selling weed Get rich or high trying
Beaver 1: our house has been flooded... Beaver 2: dam
"I think I have split personalities", ......Said Steve, being frank.
Pluto is not a planet He's a dyslexic god
What's the derivative of Amazon? Amazon Prime
"She had a heart of gold." - autopsy report
None of my boyfriends even know they're dating me.
How did Hitler like his juice? Concentrated
He died doing what he loved...failing to read my mind.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
Who is William Shatner's mythical nemesis? The Lepre-khaaaaannnnn!!!!!
What do you call a fat Asian? moo-lan
What's on a gangster artist's t-shirt? Still Life.
What do you call a red-head ninja? A ginja.
What's a paedophile's favourite musical scale? A minor
Hey guys, I invented a new word! Plagiarism.
Definition: Coffin What they carry you offin.
What starts with "c" and ends with "unt" cunt.
Why are Ford cars so popular? Because they are affordable.
Which Dinosaurs love electricity? Bulbasaurs
A genius would have put Kevin Bacon in Grease.
What is Atheism? A non-prophet organization.
I'm not insulting you.. I'm describing you..
Her: Eckspecially. Me: *walks away*
What is David Bowie's favourite energy drink? Redbull Redbull
Dog: Me: Dog: Me: Dog: *spits out pill* Me: DAMMIT!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What is a pirate's favorite fast food joint? Aaaaarby
It smells like up-dog in here.
You know what a vegetarian will never get? A Spam.
What would I be if I doubled myself? Meme
I'm a lying birch Username checks out.
Having kids means you'll have a lot of interrupted conversa--
If you have bladder problems. Urine trouble.
I'll have whatever Steve Buscemi isn't having.
Wanna hear a dirty joke? dust funnies
Hereditary Irritable Bowel Syndrome Runs in the family.
What comes after 69? mouthwash.
An asian with an STD he can't cure is herpress.
No more gay jokes. Cum on guys.
Q: What does a wicked chicken lay? A: Deviled eggs.
I'm really good at wrapping presents. It's a gift.
Why do bees buzz ? Because they can't whistle !
Bend over, little fairy... ...a wish is a wish.
What do Chinese monks eat? qis.
Why did the H kill himself? Because the G had.
"Hey, that shit looks fun. Don't do that." - religion
Every.Bad.Thing.You.Ever.Did.[COMPILATION].1080p.HDTV.x264-TORRENT.torrent
What are 8 Nougat-Bits? One Nougat-Byte
Where do graphic designers go for a drink? CGI Friday's
Mosquito's are like dirty used needles, that can fly.
59 days until Christmas. I better start untangling the lights.
What did the homeless man get for Christmas? Very hungry.
What do you call ham that feels better? Cured ham.
What is red and bad for your teeth? Bricks
Why is the Computer D Drive always sad? D:
Who was the blind horse jealous of? The seahorse.
What's a room full of saurkraut? Over-krauted.
What is a stone's favourite Robbie Williams song? *Rock* DJ.
Winter- Pros: Chestnuts roasting. Cons: Deez nuts freezing.
Which rabbit is a famous comedian? Bob Hop.
What do you call a lesbian Pakistani? Minge eater
Atoms are Liars... They make up everything.
Man who eat jeellybeans.... Farts in technicolor.
no title no text
What is Bruce Lee's favourite drink? Wataaaah!
A blind man walks into a bar...
What do you call a fish in orbit? Trouterspace.
What is small, bald and wrinkled? Danny DeVito
Brostache117, Penguin_Party12345, D3ATHfromAB0V3x and thewakingforce
Where would you find an algebraic Sailors hat? Indice
What's the best angle to approach any challenge? Try-Angle.
The Best Day Ever by Trudy Light
*bride and groom kiss* minister: wow im like right here
After 69 Q: What comes after 69? A: Mouthwash.
Do I speak German? Nein
What's a slutty witch's favorite holiday? Swalloween!
What if the #skywire guy starts doing Gangnam Style??
Did you hear about the corduroy pillow? It's making headlines.
"Hire me or I'll eat your family." -effective bear resume
Why don't cannibals like clowns? they taste funny!
A Volvo runs over a Nokia... ... the world explodes.
What confuses a gay person? Seven
What did the mute man say to his father
Get-rich-quick schemes rarely make much cents
What's your dog's name? Icebreaker.
Your mother has the prettiest teeth I ever came across.
Who is the biggest singer right now? Ariana Grande
Overheard: "I think that guy is listening to us."
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear? White vans. *rimshot*
What do you call a pothead that murders? Stonedface killer.
Today I got a good deal from Comcast.
What do Japanses pirates do? Fry pranes.
What car transmission do Mexicans use? Manuel.
"Neighbor"- person next door "Neigh! Brrrr!!" - cold horse :(
Sex on tv can't hurt unless you fall off.
Did you hear about the constipated Jew? He couldn't shit.
cheap toilet paper. it isn't worth shit.
So, a baby seal walks into a club.
Pavlov That name rings a bell.
Once I thought I was wrong, but I was mistaken.
Girl, you're like speeding in a construction zone... Double Fine
Question: What do you call a gay dinosaur? Answer: Mega-sore-ass.
Who delivers presents to the hood? Crip Cringle.
Very Funny Comedy @ My Church Night Vigil
If two vegetarians are fighting... Is it still considered "beef"?
What do you call a sad boner? Mourning Wood
Why does Michael Scott hate Hamlet? Toby or not Toby
How to stop rape? With consent!
How do introverts feel within society? [removed]
What's Keemstar's pornstar name? Creamstar.
I save money on condoms by not getting laid.
1000 pounds of oranges. is a ton of oranges.
What's the worst kind of tea? Emptea!
Jokes: ELI5-Pedophile
What brand of underwear do zombies wear? Haaaaaannnnnneeeeeessssss
How much does a rock weigh? One stone.
My gay friend rolled a joint for me. Fruit roll-up.
What is long and hard on a Newfie? Grade 1.
Gay jokes are really not cool. Cum on guys.
How does Hitler like his Juice? From concentrate.
Why don't lesbians make good cooks? They're always eating out.
What do you call one-tenth of a bell? A Decibell.
I got a new fridge today. It's pretty cool.
Dry humping is not an acceptable substitute for a hug.
What did one lesbian vampire say to the other?
How often do I drink Blue Moon? Once in awhile.
What do you call an Italian Yeti? A Spaghyeti!
What's Helen Keller's favorite mouthwash? Jergen's lotion.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador! Woof
What do you call a lesbian with long fingernails? Single
What do communists put in their soup? Soviet Onions.
I missed you with all my darts
What's the ugliest shape? An eyesoresceles triangle.
Being a gentleman never goes out of style.
A blonde gets an acceptance letter to Harvard .
accidentally called the guy at the oil change place "mom"
Few things are as consistently weird as the guy/girl handshake.
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar...
This joke is like a Jamaican barbershop... Dreadful
Is it solipsistic in here? or is it just me?
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers
What's the Cuban national anthem? "Row, Row, Row Your Boat..."
Why do pigs run from medicine? They hate getting cured.
What is Kathy Griffin's screen saver? Celebrity names dropping.
Relation-SHIPS sink when they have too many passengers.
Donald Trump's Presidential Campaign
I like my women like I like my coffee. Silent
What is the national bird of Afghanistan? The Boeing 757
Receptionist at a sperm bank "Thanks for coming."
What do Mexican Zombies eat? Re-fried brains.
What did the chill pigeon say? coo. coo.
England at the Rugby World Cup
What do you call a camel with 3 humps? Pregnant
If we help Kurdistan attack ISIS... they could become WASWAS
Your momma's so fat... she's diabetic.
Why does Barbie like Halloween? It's pump-ken time
Sorry, page 2 of Google searches.
It's too human to go outside.
All the problems fade before a hangover
All men approve of premarital sex......until they have a daughter.
2016 It was a joke
My father had a stroke he's all right now.
I identified a body yesterday. "That's a body!" I said.
What do u call a Jew? Jewish
What do you call a chinese Jehovah's witness? Ding Dong
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle.
What do you find in a church's bathroom? Holy shit.
A cheap concert 50 CENT starring Nickleback
What is Harper Lee's favorite drink? Tequila mockingbird.
Joke ##439057
Husband: Quick. What's this song? Me: Awful.
Schrodinger's Hater gonna both hate and not hate.
What was Amanda Todds favorite cocktail? Sex on the bleach.
What do you call Zombie Japanese Chefs? the Woking Dead
I knew that wouldn't flush when I ate it.
What do you call kids born in whorehouses? brothel sprouts!
Wanna hear a joke? 6to5
Watching Benjamin Button. Never gets old.
Apples are my second favourite fruit. They're sublime!
Where did Jewish Rats go during the Holocaust? Mousechwitz
What do you call delicious Vietnamese food? Vietnoms
Are you a beaver? ...'cuz damn.
Whats Red and Smells Like Blue Paint? Red Paint
What's the coolest kind of surgery? Hip surgery.
Where do burgers like to dance? At a meatball!
Have you heard the gullible joke? Me neither...
Who is the president of the trees? BarkOak Palma
Life... It's just an f in lie.
Does anyone know watt is the unit for power?
My favorite pickup line... the Ford F Series
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with barbed wire.
here come the bitches starting their winturrrrrr2012<3 facebook photo albums.
What is Superman when he removes his suit? Man.
What do you get hanging from apple trees? Sore Arms.
"Whose line is it anyway?" -generous cocaine party guests
How did Viking ships communicate? Norse code.
What is a pirate's favorite part of music theory? Arrrr-peggios!
Squirrels are TV for homeless people
Why do so many pigs die whilst eating apples?
What's on the inside of a clean nose? Fingerprints.
I'm missing a 5 sided shape It's penta-gone.
Did you hear about the mushroom? He was a fungi.
How do you confuse a complete idiot ? 32
What do you call two Chinese government massacres? Tienanmen squared
"All dressed up and nowhere to go." - penguins
There are no black swans, only African-American ones.
Why did you destroy that urinal cake? Peer pressure
What do planets read? Comet books.
What dance did the Pilgrims do? The Plymouth Rock.
I just made an April Fool's joke. Too soon?
Did you hear about the preschool kidnapping? He woke up
What do you call a woman with an opinion?? Wrong
What do Bees wear in the winter? *Yellow Jackets*
Relationship or hallucination... Either way, I'm seeing someone
Wanna hear a joke? [removed]
I'm so poor... I can't even **pay** attention
Chuck Norris already counted up to the infinite... Two times.
What's the gummy stuff between sharks teeth? Slow swimmers.
Psychiatrist "Tell me about your trust issues." Me "No"
I'm confused about plants
A compilation of jokes [Please insert jokes here]
What is a pirate's favorite kind of explosive? A M-80.
Sometimes when I close my eyes, I can't see.
I hate being bipolar... It's awesome!
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon master? Ash
What's Bill Gates's favorite dessert apple turnover
Jew Jokes Aren't Funny. Anne Frankly I find them offensive.
A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.
Do you know how I got out of Iraq? Iran
What type of dog is always amazed? A Chi-WOW!-ua
Vagina jokes aren't funny Period.
Statistics show that six out of seven dwarfs... ...aren't happy.
What came first the ch- Neutrino.
Why Can't America tell knock knock jokes? Cause' freedom RINGS!
Anyone can be an American unless you're Mexican.
wher did the waitress work IHOP
You can't name your dog Jeff, that's illegal
Knock Knock Who's there? Allah Allah who? ALLAHU AKBAR!!!
Hey girl, are you a 10? Because you're basic...
What do you call a blind dinosaur? A do-you-think-he-saurus?
~tips fedora at mosquito~ Mlaria
What religion believes in the Big Bang? Islam.
What do you call a little polish boat? A Jetski.
Cameron Cameroff
What's baked every day and sells itself? My sister.
What do you call a discount sauna? A steam sale
Who Saw Him Go? by Wendy Leeve
What did Russians use for light before candles? Light bulbs
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flys like a banana.
My uncle came out of the closet yesterday
What are a clumsy person's favorite flowers? Oopsie daisies.
What is Donald Trumps favorite album? The Wall
Why was six scared of seven?
I suspect the number 200 sometimes impersonates the word ZOO.
What is the official novel of Mexico? Tequila Mockingbird
Does a blue screen of death constitute being defenestrated?
Osama Bin Laden should have hid in MySpace
Why is OP's dog never satisfied? They don't do liver
Where did Napoleon Bonaparte keep his armies? In his sleevies.
The guy who invented the velcro died last week RIP
What are peas attracted to? Chickpeas
I like to diffuse situations with humornnnnnnnnnAnd a machete
What do you call a cat in heat? Prr-miscuous
WHAT ARE THOSE???? /u/doubledickdude - They're my cocks.
A Joke About Kim Jong Un [removed]
What do you call wanking in a plane? Hijacking
You know what makes me smile? ... my face muscles
Rule number one of crossfit always talk about crossfit!
What's a pilots least favorite holiday? May Day!
Welcome to the Church of the Holy Cabbage. Lettuce pray.
911: What's your emergency? Me: Do you think I'm pretty
"It's a dog-eat-dog world." - Hannibal Labradoodle
So two baby seals walk into a club
Gangster shift keys pop a couple caps in dAt aSs.
What did Jesus say after he was resurrected? Nailed it
What's the ugliest tree in the world? Yew
what does a gay horse eat? HAAAAAAAAAY!
If you can't hear me it's because I'm in parentheses.
How does Henry VIII like his coffee? Decap.
I kissed a grill once. It was pretty hot.
Just remember, you're unique. Just like everyone else.
Everyone hates their job until someone brings cupcakes in.
What is the hungriest mineral that exists? Apatite
What did King Arthur have for breakfast? Eggcalibur.
Soulmate sounds like something Satan puts in his coffee.
What's black and doesn't work? Decaf coffee you racist fuck.
Kids got jokes
I remember 2016 Like it was yesterday
What sound does a shotgun make? Kurt Kurt Cobain
Opinions are like herpes outbreaks. Nobody wants them.
Shout out to those who can't hear good
What's small, round, and blue? A cranberry holding its breath.
Why can't a T-Rex clap Because it's extinct
Can I homeless person a cigarette off someone
Tried to catch fog yesterday Mist
Why is Peter pan always flying? Because he neverlands
I think I'll TiVo my kids and watch them later.
I posed nude for an artist once. *selfie stick
Four Mexicans drowned over the weekend Newspaper headline: Quatro sinko
I hate fucking faggots I love faggots fucking me, though.
What did the moderator say to the redditor? [Deleted]
How spicy would you like your clairvoyants? Medium.
Where do you put people with ADHD? A concentration camp
Who is the Prime Minister of Israol? Netanyahoo
"Come reckon with me bro." -Force
Why are there so many trees in Harlem? Public Transportation.
What is Justin Timberlake's favorite river in Russia? Crimea River
Trump is a blonde He has yellow hair! Wocka wocka!
What's Pingu's favourite band? Slipnoot.
How did the clock get cancer? Second-hand smoke!
What kind of wood doesn't float? Natalie Wood
Idk Why you kept reading
I'm working on organizing a circlejerk. It's coming together.
Never trust a tree. They're shady as fuck.
What is the most common cause of feline blindness? Cataracts
Where do impoverished Italians live? In the spaghetto
182,000 Americans die from Chuck Norris-related accidents every year.
What do necrophiliacs get at funerals? Mourning wood.
I sex you, but I'm not 'in sex' with you.
Why did the Boxer Rebellion fail? They had no Qin
What is a communist's favorite fabric? Linen.
Do you know what they call leprechaun pee? Urine luck!
PMS jokes aren't funny PERIOD.
Sometimes I think "What would Dexter do"?
What is Worse than Ants in your pants? Uncles
Yo Mama so fat her Patronus was a cheeseburger..
How did Steve get the clues? Blew the dog
Two ninjas walk into a bar. Or do they?
Millennials make the best spys... They've got nothing to lose.
If at first you don't succeed... try try being redundant.
Why was yellow angry at red? Red blue green.
Why does Highlander 2 exist? There can only be one.
What does a redneck say after sex? Thanks, sis.
If you can't beat them, try again when they're sleeping.
What gives wookies cancer? Chewbacco
Windows 10 The punchline is in the title.
A lawyer takes the bar
Do you guys/gals like horse jokes? Yeah or neeiiigghh?
"We should clean the bathroom." "Why? Are we moving?"
In his college years Jesus could turn oregano into weed
what's al qaeda's favorite football team? The New York Jets
Prayer: Don't give God instructions -- just report for duty!
I put the "native" in descriminative... Wait, that's not good.
Leonardo DiCaprisun
Me: Phone a friend Judge: That's not how this works
What's a peasant's favorite sport? Serfing.
Love so rare, you can still hear it moo.
A guy walked into a bar... He said ow.
What do you call a Communist sniper? A Marxman.
What do you call a two-headed lesbian dinosaur? Eat-a-lotta-puss
What is Mozart doing now? He is de-composing
just realized horses can't hug and now I can't sleep
What killed Phil Hughes? Ebola.
I'm still upset they never let me bunt in tball.
how do trains fall in love? it attracks another one.
"Needless to say... ..."
Why isn't "cheating" a relationship status on Facebook?
Losing an Electric Drill by Andy Gadget
Why can't Stevie Wonder see his mates? Because he's married.
Can a cigar box? No, but a tin can.
Where does Neckwear go on vacation? Thailand.
Only an ass can be divided in half.
Idioms are for the birds
What kills thousands of smokers a year? Natural Causes
Pokemon. Stds are like Pokemon. Ya gotta catch em all.
The view of your Bedroom is perfect from this tree!
Which weapon has the least amount of drawbacks? A bow.
What do you call a black Asian bird? Croatian.
What do you call communist memorabilia? Trotsky's.
What word starts with F and ends with UCK? Firetruck
Today's no reddit day. Don't reply to this
"Why did you dry these grapes?" "No raisin"
My GF can't stand that I'm a model Prisoner
Does "who cares" count as advice?
Has Jack Johnson done a TED talk on chillaxing yet?
JOKE - Boy and His Train Set
One of Hillary Clinton's personal emails... [deleted]
Don't smoke kids... Because smoking kids is illegal.
I'd really love to study Philosophy... But I Kant.
Why is it called necrophilia and not sexual intercorpse
PUN FRIDAY! comment your favorite puns, please
Your clever title is half the joke.
For every action, there is a corresponding over-reaction.
Why is Wendy never pregnant? Because Peter's sperm Neverlands.
Why has /r/jokes won an environmental award? Everything gets recycled.
Stay out of sight - Lei Lo
In World War 3, which country would retreat first? Iran.
What do you give an injured alligator? Gatorade
What does the arabs put in their Mexican food?? Allah-penos
Why do Jews have blue penises? Because they're tight-fisted wankers.
Which side of the plate does the phone go on?
I'm not poor. I'm big-loaned.
I'm so hungry I could Instagram a horse.
You're an asshole Superman.
I before e except after c Weird science
What's the difference between organized crime and politics? One's organized.
*wears an "Only God Can Judge Me" t-shirt to court*
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Mega-Sore-Arse
Twitter, because my work isn't just going to ignore itself.
What do old people smell like. Depends.
What will Putin be having for Thanksgiving dinner? Turkey.
China must be a huge sausage-fest by now.
Jedi Knights love analogies. "Metaphors be with you!"
What's the thin line between love and hate? A condom.
What does it take to kill a joke bad timing
I only date black girls... Because I hate meeting fathers.
What do vegetable do when they got robbed? They dont.
Namaste or Namago.
Sometimes I make statements in the tone of a question?
My girlfriend is like the square root of 2. Irrational.
How did the T-Rex feel after working out? [OC] Dino-sore
What did the Florida boy have on his feet? Crocs
September 1st Never forget
Dudes named Chance never had one.
Yo mama so fat she wakes up in sections!
Sports: The legal way to buy a black person.
An Irishman walks out of a bar... ...
"Now, tell me I'm pretty" -me as a hypnotist
How does a Muslim close the door? Islams it.
What college did Michael Jackson go to? Bringham Young
What sport is played in Spanish churches? La Cross
Today is my birthday... and I'm Jewish.
Ever tried eating a clock? It's very time consuming.
2016 ends with Mariah Carey dying On the stage.
Technically everyone who's not a doctor is premed
How do comedians stay in shape? They do set ups.
What do Mexicans use to cut a pizza? Little Caesar's
What's long hard and has semen in it? A submarine!
Don't commit suicide! It's illegal to destroy government property.
I miss my ex-girlfriend... I can't seem to hit her.
People drive like shit when I'm texting.
the idiotic girl Lets like O_O
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Likalotopus
Food is like dark humor not everyone gets it
What do you call an apathetic Russian? A So-be-it.
A guy walks into a bar... He said "ouch."
What do you call a japanese homeless guy? Tokyo Drifter
beluga whale backstroke and blowing water http://youtu.be/M6f1vovJTP4
my credit score
What do you call a shaggy terrorist ? Mr. Boombastic
The key to a good joke Is missed erection
Customer: "How do I print my voicemail?"
Put the punchline in the title. Jokes suck when people
How do ghosts like their chicken cooked? Terri-fried!
I need constant reassurance, right?
Archimedes Principle floats my boat.
"It's going to be amazing!" No, it's not.
What's the difference between pink and purple? Grip.
Where do rabbits learn to fly? The Hare Force
The softest type of toilet paper is cats.
The United Kingdom. A country whose name is now ironic.
What's a Californians favorite type of comedy? Dry humor
how do u do molly safely? wear a condm.
"You're a ten?" "On the PH scale, Cuz you basic."
What do you call an angry psychiatrist? Therapissed.
What bird can write underwater? A ball-point Penguin!
Yosemite Sam would use the N-word.
What do you call an entrance to a brothel? Hodor.
Knock knock
What musical instrument should you never, ever trust? The Lyre.
all the sexy dinosaurs went extinct during the flirtatious period
A girl told me her exact age.
The dinosaurs died for our sins.
What kind of ship never sinks? A dictatorship. *sobs*
How do you Organize a Space Party? You Planet!
What's the most famous coffee in Afghanistan?  Osama bin Latte
Battered women... ...sounds delicious. But that doesn't make it right!
If you're scared of butter... use cream.
Don't mess around with asexuals They don't fuck around.
Johnny Depp dresses like a human dreamcatcher.
TIFU by ordering the wrong sandwich Whoops, wrong sub
The American Education System
Why are farmers cruel? They pull corn by the ears.
Shrek came out in 2001 Good for him
That fart voided the warranty on our couch.
Looks like my milk is expiring tomorrow... Just like America.
How many countries border Germany? Nein!
Stop making history jokes!! They're getting old.
It's creepy that the only ingredient in fruit is fruit.
I see. You're the "don't pigeonhole me" type. Got it.
Sometimes I drink water just to surprise my liver...
What is a police called on her period? red bull
What does the horny toad say? Rubbit
How did the musician catch his fish? He castanet
You guys want to hear a joke? Women's rights.
How are women like rocks? You skip the flat ones.
What has 2 legs and bleeds......? ....half a dog.
Chemically speaking, alcohol is a solution.
/r/news hears about Turkey [removed]
Favorite Mythological Creature Someone on tumblr who isn't oppressed
What is today's best punch line? Paul christoforo
When doesn't a telephone work  underwater? When it's wringing wet!
My Japanese girlfriend had a really bad tempura.
Ask me if I'm a fire truck.
Best pick up line ever (video) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajCw5XThfsI
What is dill bread made from? Dill dough.
Men Are Like ...
What did Tennessee? The same thing Arkansas!
Did you know Jesus has nice abs? He does crossfit.
I've never met a Friday I didn't like!
"OMG!!! HeRE LiEs BRiaNnA RiP! :*(" - Tombstones in 2060
HULK doesn't have sex, HULK smashes :b
Hi, Can I domesticate you?
I like my coffee like I like my slaves free
When you're Russian... There's no time for Stalin
What does an angry pepper do? It gets jalepeno face.
An Irishman walks out of a bar... The End.
What's Chris Browns favorite sport? Sockher!
What kind of gas supports violence? pro-pain
I am fluent in three languages...english, sarcasm, and profanity
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9
why did the chicken cross the road? I dont know...
Still not sure if construction paper is used in construction.
Last Jew to win a Heisman Trophy? Fred Goldman
If I text you first you are probably amazing.
What do Filipinos call Canada? Upper U.S.
What do you call two pears? A pair.
Need tips on making something look like an accident.
Whats E.T.'s first name? Yodela
How does Davy Crockett take his pie? A'lamode
What's the most useful type of hat? A handy-cap
How do you fix the dishwasher? Smack her.
What's the difference between oooh and ahh? 3 inches
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast? Surreal
The best joke I know. [Link to the joke.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3eialt/oh_you_sneaky_little_bastard/)
Once upon a time a guy was left hanging...
Your grandparents used to kiss with tongues, probably
What do you call a def, Mexican Superman? No hero
Why do monks wear such plain clothes? It's a habit.
Dark humor is like food Some people don't get it
Is Israel Real? if Palestinians eyes are real?
What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before getting married? Feyonce
What's the affirmative response to a Jamaican mother? Yeah mom!
How did Adolf tie his shoes? With two knotzies.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? Marque
*stomps feet during a tantrum, reaches fitbit step goal*
Who's coca colas favourite rapper? 2-pop
All my passwords are protected by amnesia.
What tends to satisfy thirst the most? Waterboarding.
Name your penis after a movie or a game. Oblivion.
*Robot watches me vape* Robot: mm yeah but swallow it
What do you call a suicidal cow? Cowmikaze.
What's a whales favorite musical group? An orcastra
What was Hitler's favorite sandwich? The Auschwich.
My first name is not Damn Signed, Autocorrect
My new year's resolution is that donuts have no calories.
What did Hitler call his recliner? Mein Kampf-y Chair.
What dog is a cousin to the Dalmatian? A spot-weiler!
20's kids won't get this Economic prosperity.
Hey, did you fall from heaven? So did Satan.
What separates animals from humans? The Mediterranean.
Thanks for putting out Mom! ~ everyone. Happy Mother's Day!
Whats brown and sticky A stick
Whats the difference between Outlaws and Mother-in-laws? Outlaws are wanted.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
My favourite German jokes 1.
Who declared west africa ebola-free? Who declared west africa ebola-free.
Screw it, I'm starting Friday now.
What's the most musical part of a fish? Its scales.
What does 90-year-old pussy taste like? Depends.
What's Hitler's least favorite Beatles song? Hey Jude
[Serious] Tell me an offensive joke...
When a cop eats bacon is it considered cannibalism?
"Money isn't everything," I say, poorly.
What Chinese name means 'wolf'? Hau Ling.
Why can't T-Rexs clap their hands? Because they're all dead
I have Ebola... ebola cerial.
Butt dialing and booty calling So similar. So different
How does good deodorant smell? Odorable.
Typing "I hate Reddit" brings up the following sub-Reddit http://www.reddit.com/r/fatpeoplehate/
I think I'm addicted to roofies... I can't remember though
Women are natures version of the Rubiks cube.
There are no black ninjas.. Only Incognegroes.
Where do people with ADHD go? To concentration camps.
Nothing is better than studying That's why i do nothing.
I have a serious salad problem... ...it needs a dressing.
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
I like my women like I like my food. Existent.
What do ducks smoke? Qwack
I'm special. My school told me so.
What would people call an old John Cena? John Senile
What Social Media site do the undead use? Tomblr.
What sound does a cow make? Sssssssss....
What's Gordon Ramsey's favorite movie? ITS FUCKING [removed]
harassing a man at a urinal, claiming i copyrighted piss
This joke isn't funny. Donald Trump
Me: I love you..Marry Me! Burrito: I'm a Burrito..stop drinking.
What do you call a cookie without legs? A cookie
What's a pedophile's favorite musical scale? D minor!
Why People Get Married
What vocation can transform anything into a gate? A reporter.
Why did Ellen Pao punch the puppy? Cause shes terrible.
Presidential Disinfectant Hydrogen Barackside
Why do we eat? Because we are hungry
What kind of parasites do gangstas get? Thug Lice.
I just electrocuted myself It really hertz
Whats the opposite of under? Der.
Which gun has a perfect rating? A Five-seven.
Cleaning out my handbag. Wondering if nine pens are enough.
What comes between Fear and Sex? Funf
Pickling cucumbers isn't easy. I hear its cumbersome.
A blind man walks into an i store "2 please"
If life gives you melons you're probably dyslexic
I named my dick Christmas Christmas came early
Knock knock, Who's there? Not Oscar Pistorius.
What is a chronic masturbator's favorite meal? Strokin-off
The gay lover of Emperor Palaptine ....is insidious.
Woke up in a graveyard. Never felt more alive.
An Irish Joke An Irishman walks out of a bar.
What does prison have in common with biology? Cell culture.
More like "Arsey Cola"
Canadian court... Do you plead sorry or not sorry?
What gets bigger everytime I see my wife. My wife.
Stephen Hawking finally published his new book. It's about time.
What time is it? **BOOM!**
My snowboarding career has really gone downhill.
What oil does Trump use in his cooking? Rapeseed oil
How do single people honor valentine's day? By Celibating!
I want my abs to be like NHS nurses... Cut
An Irishman Walks out of a bar.
Reddit More like shmreddit
Au Don't you dare downvote. That joke was pure gold.
I dropped my phone, is everyone okay?!
What did the judge order in his whiskey? Just ice
Nothing in life is "fun for the whole family."
I work out religiously... On christmas and Easter!
Im not narcissistic. I'm perfect.
Holocaust jokes are... Hitlarious.
Knock Knock Who's there? Allah Allah Who? ALLAHU ACKBAR!!!! *explosions*
Wanna hear something ironic? Aliens abduct a fisherman
Merry Christmas!!!!!!!!! Maby a cross-post to math is in order.
Who Is Jay Gatsby's Favorite Comic Book Character? Deadpool.
What do you call a fishermans newborn? Fresh bait
She's not my fake internet girlfriend, she's my eBae.
[OC] where did the cavemen live? Neandertown!
I tried to download Ford Racing 2 today... It crashed.
how tall is bruno mars?
There are three unwritten rules of life. 1. 2. 3.
What has 7 arms and sucks? Def Leppard
Where is Macau? In m'field
Trinity: "I really can't stay." Neo: "Baby it's code outside."
If you start peeing out blood Urine big trouble
How do British people explain a period..? Bloody Hell
Physics 101: Heat expands objects.. You're fat.. you're hot
My dog smells... ...Like Philippino food.
Where do pirates store their files? On their RRRRRRR drive.
Let's put a little smile on that face...
Why can't Ray Charles drive? He's dead.
What do you call a sad coffee? Depresso
Where did Suze go during the bombing? Everywhere
The average monkey swallows 7 spider-monkeys every single night.
What kind of shoes do ninjas use? Sneakers.
karma for jokes You dont get it?
[Meta] If our roles were reversed... I'd upvote your post.
What do you call a cow with three legs? Tri-tip.
What's the most common career choice among spiders? Web development
What is a neckbeard's favorite denomination of time? M'llenium
*rubs magic lamp*rubs harder and faster*genie semen sprays everywhere*
How to clickbait
Why was Eric Clapton arrested? He was fingering A minor.
How did the farmer find his girlfriend? He tractor!
Flirting is dangerous business. One wrong move and you're committed.
I'm so poor... I just rinsed off a paper plate.
Kids React [removed]
You had me at let's get divorced.
How Long is a Chinese name ...
What do Jews throw when they riot? Mozeltov Cocktails
It's not much of a tattoo. More of an inkling.
I want a car horn that shouts obscenities.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre!
What do sailors eat for breakfast? Naval oranges
What do you call a worried bounty hunter? Boba Fret
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasoreass.
Native Americans had a word for "Bad Hunter" Vegetarian.
What's the best way to milk a sheep? Ask Apple.
What do you call a muslim who graduated? Allah-mni!
What is a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross country.
What is a Mexican's favorite sport? Cross country!
The pirate mechanic repaired my sex-bot. Thar, she blows.
I'm thinking about writing a book. It's a novel idea.
"Excuse me shopkeep, where are your Terminators?" "Aisle B, back".
A paper cut is a tree's last revenge.
I just dropped my phone, is everyone okay?!
What's the stupidest animal in the Jungle? A Polar Bear
What game do you play with a wombat? Wom.
Once you go black, that toe's gotta come off
Have you guys ever seen any of my exes? Exactly.
What's Finn's favorite grocery store? TR-8R Poe's.
I bet Batman wears Liam Neeson underwear.
Disaste. Phew, that almost spelled disaster.
Why does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle.
What has 2000 eyes and 4000 feet? A thousand dogs.
My new year resolution is 1024x768.
Why are lesbians bad cooks? because they always eat out...
[IAmA request] UPS delivery man. I hope OP delivers.
Describe yourself in 3 words: 1. Lazy
"It's not you, it's me." - Humidity, to Heat
What blood type do Canadians have? Type "eh"
Whoever named them "sugar cookies" could've tried a little harder.
NSSSA -National Stutter Association.
What do you call a magic owl? Hoodini
What do you call a Mexican Buddhist? Om-bre
What do vampire footballers have at half-time? Blood oranges.
What goes *clip-clop-clip-clop-BANG-clip-clop-clip-clop*? An Amish drive by shooting.
What happens when you hit a Jewish guy? Hebrewses
What's the most common Jewish name? 17038
So I was having sex the other day
what type of cancer do mimes get? Gesticular
What do you call a cow that's masturbating? Beef Stroganoff
What's a dog favourite hobby ? Collecting fleas !
What don't elephants forget when they go swimming? Their trunks.
How do you milk an almond?
North Korea bans sarcasm What a great idea.
What do you call a quadriplegic in the ocean? Bob...
you down with ADD? yeah you know me
What's black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer.
why isn't there a sprite history month
Firing Victoria of IAMA
I like my women like i like my coffee... Silent.
I just rewrote history!!!! ~~History~~ **History** im so lame omg...
2 guys walk into a bar... The third guy ducks.
How do you sum up a cashew? In a nutshell!
Danger is my middle name. nnFirst name: AvoidsnLast name: Completely
What is the name of Mark Zuckerbergs mother? Motherzucker
Two stutterers went to order food They didn't.
A Gingerbread Man Veteran ...lost his legs in 'Nom
The problem with political jokes is that... They get elected.
What do you call a smiling black man? Snigger.
What's white, lumpy, and extremely dangerous? Shark infested mashed potatoes.
Wanna here a funny joke? Women's rights.
That's 49 -7 in dog goals.
What's Dean Martin's favorite eel? That's a moray.
A dyslexic optometrist diagnosed a patient with stigmata.
Ironically Caps 'Lock' is a 'Key'.
What kind of seagull flies over a bay? A Bay-gull
What does a blood learn in kindergarten? His abb's
Transphobia
What rating did Moody's give to the sheep? BAAA
The world loves Apple But Apple's CEO loves banana's
Motstand ar meningslost. -Bjorn Borg
"Stop the bus and let my friend Jack off!"
Currently the flower business is blooming.
Hey dad I'm tired! There's a nap for that. :)
what cant you spell slaughter without? Laughter
What do you call a crying anime fan... a weeaboo-hoo
When humorists pole-dance it's called a comic strip.
Yesterday I tried to catch the fog... Mist.
Where there's a will... There's a relative.
"It's summer! Yay! No more school shootings!"  American children.
The link in the text.... Stolen Bull semen. http://sacramento.cbslocal.com/2016/01/22/nearly-50000-in-bull-semen-stolen-from-turlock-truck/
[driving] Goddamn pedestrians [walking] Goddamn drivers [both] Goddamn cyclists
what does a sneeze see after it dies sneezus
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain
Where do holy men sleep? Monk beds.
Texas... It's not the heat, it's the stupidity.
Where do senior citizens often go to the restroom? Depends.
America, you're fired. Love, United Nations
I came, I saw, the neighbors complained.
why do gorillas have big nostrils? Big fingers!!!
Still wondering if Rick Astley gives up anything for Lent.
Armed assault on the banter convention Shots fired.
You so ugly on Halloween someone said scary costume.
What do you call a Chinese Podiatrist? Hee Lan To
Why does Peter Pan always fly? Because he Neverlands.
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? with Little Ceasars
If I wasn't too busy adulting... I'd be kidding
What's a lumberjacks favorite animal? A TIMBERwolf
Q. What do you call a handcuffed man? A. Trustworthy.
What's Irish and sits outside? Patio Furniture
What do you call an italian hooker? A pasta-tute
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
Yo momma's so dumb... ...she voted for Trump.
What comes after the third car? The ford car.
Just wrote "Rhanks" to someone. Who am I? Scooby Doo?
What always stays hot in the refrigerator? Horseradish
Should crematoriums give discounts for burn victims?
What's crude and beneath most Canadians? America
I have sixth sense, I see stupid people.
Sure Hillary sucks... ...Just not as much as Monica.
What does a astronaut put in a sandwich? Space Jam
What's an algebra teachers favorite animal? A grr-affe http://metalinjection.junipconcepts.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Giraffe-Tongue-Orchestra.jpg?1fed28
Want to hear my favorite joke? 729271
What's Forrest Gump's favorite diner? Dennays
Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella? For Drizzle
What is a pirate's favorite letter?
What is the stinkiest businessman? Entra-Manure
How does Moses make tea? Hebrews it.
If life gives you melons... Check for dyslexia
What's the difference between "ooo" and "ahhhh"? About 3 inches.
Comic Sans is like if Guy Fieri were a font.
Two blondes walk into a library That's the joke
No one wants to hear about anyone else's niece.
Auto correct is my worst enema.
She- get lost Me- *jumps in her wardrobe*
Was Hitler's favorite number 8? NEIN NEIN NEIN!
Knock Knock...Who's there? HIPPA...HIPPA Who?...Sorry, Can't tell you.
Say the punchline first How do you ruin a joke?
This Brazil v. Germany World Cup Game.
What is the opposite of Christopher reeves? Christopher Walken
Lazy fact 25428394692846 You didn't read that number
Vodka doesn't care about your 70's bush...
"I hate being half bicycle, half motorcycle" he moped
What kind of writing makes the most money? Ransom notes.
Gay jokes aren't funny come on man
What's it called if you re-evaluate your butt? In hiney-sight.
My grandma's a thief You should see her snatch.
What do you call an agnostic? An athe-ish.
Knuckle tats: (M)(Y)(P)(A)(R)(E)(N)(T)(S) (W)(E)(R)(E)(R)(E)(L)(A)(T)(E)(D)
Which video game do Mexicans play the most? Borderlands
Here's a good joke! /r/TwoXChromosomes
What does David Bowie get at the supermarket? Can-cer
Clickbait. What did you expect? Honestly.
Can you name even one East African country? Well, Kenya?
I pray every night that I never become religious...
"The last ''Sup?'" - cool Bible
If you're OCD and you know it, wash your hands.
What are Brazilian fans called? Brazil nuts!
A frog's car broke down.. It gets "TOAD" away.
What is a Muslim's favorite type of meat? Shalami! haha!
Brushed the fur off my couch and made another cat.
What do you call a fat Psychic? A Large
What's the worst swear word to a tv exec? Godhole.
What problem afflicts 40% of all pedophiles? Immature ejaculation
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've already lost three days.
TIFU by shamelessly copying a top post Whoops wrong sub
Matthew McConaughey's acting secret is that he always just came
What do you call a dirty atheist? An unholy mess!
Chuck Norris won the Origami Championship in 1983...folding a rock
Drink responsibly? Responsibility is why I drink.
If nerds play RPGs, what do Geeks play? RBGs.
3yo: what are you eating? me: [mouthful of cookies] vegetables
What three letters in the alphabet frighten  criminals? F.B.I.
I was accused of plagiarism... Their words, not mine
What do you call a tea knight? A vigilan-tea
A black man walks into the university
What kind of bell doesn't ring? A dumbbell.
I like my women how I like my exams... Curvy.
Where do poor noodles live? The spaghetto.
I'm a necrophiliac. I like my Heine's cold.
I hate scrubbing the floor It's beneath me.
Yo Mama so Old... She pre-ordered the BIble!
Tell my WiFi love her.
*Now with 50 percent less fat* Me: ooooh *buys two*
An awkward morning beats a boring night.
Did you hear that funny Amy Schumer joke? Me either.
I was paper-thin as a kid. So I got ripped.
What does a catholic eat at the movies? Pope-Corn
My Life Thats the joke
How do drown a hipster? In the main steam
Your Life.
What do you call a Polish airplane? A Jet-ski.
My spirit animal is a tapeworm.
For Sale Parachute: Only used once, never opened Small stain
If only plastic surgeons also sold class.
Million dollar idea: make $100,000 ten times
When is a door not a door? When it's AJAR!
Do you speak sign language? No, we sign it.
Moonwalking away after mugging someone because you're a smooth criminal.
What do gay crows eat? Cawk!
Imagine me riding a bike. Wrong. There's no seat.
I'll pay extra for the hairdresser comfortable with silence.
Athene Kappa
Before Calling Me, ask yourself "Is This Textable?"
Today I fucked up... by being a power bottom
What's a terrorists favorite sex toy? A blow up doll!
I like my women like I like my Africa Undeveloped
John and Nancy sitting in a tree, H-I-D-I-N-G-F-R-O-M-T-H-E-L-O-C-A-L-A-U-T-H-O-R-I-T-I-E-S-B-E-C-A-U-S-E-T-H-E-Y-K-I-L-L-E-D-A-D-O-G
What's cooler than being cool? Being 0K.
Why is Florida not an island?? Because Georgia sucks...
W.I.F.E  Will Investigate & Find out Everything
What is Siri really good at? Playing pocket pool.
A baker's gotta work- to put bread on the table.
What overalls does Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
The least offensive joke ever. The french military.
where did Mary go after the explosion?! EVERYWHERE!
How does Ellen DeGeneres fire an arrow? With her Les-bow.
Just saw the first duckface of Spring.
My yoga teacher is awesome. She really bends over backwards.
Goodnight computer *instantly grabs phone*
All generalizations are false, including this one.
What does grandma's crotch smell like? Depends
Really?? EVERYBODY was Kung Fu fighting? Seems kind of implausible...
I've got my ion you, baby!
How does a Jew make his coffee? Hebrews it.
My last name is Zilla.
Apparently today is coming out day in Chile.
I just don't understand pedophiles, kids are SO annoying.
Polish bank robber tied up the safe, blew the guard.
Yelling "you're not my real ladder!" at your step ladder.
Friends are like balloons; if you stab them, they die.
What is it exactly that separates man from animal? Divorce
How does a penguin keep itself hydrated? His waddle bottle.
What's Hitler's favorite juice? Apple juice, you racist bastards.
Overworked Employee in India
Why is Time a whore? Because she fucks everybody.
What fruit worries teenagers the most? A promegranate.
How do you say goodbye to German cheese? Velveetazane
It's so cold outside my nipples just typed this status.
What do people store their fondest memories in? A nostaljar.
Reddit servers
To clean up or just move. This is the question.
You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list.
I visited Canada and got an STD Hepatitis A.
Our family motto is "Who took my phone charger?"
My ex-girlfriend is like a chocolate She killed my dog
Slugs are obviously snails that have been through a divorce.
"Hey." "Hey." "What's up?" "Nothing." END OF CONVERSATION.
I like my women like I like my whiskey.. Inanimate.
Who called them potatoes & not the motherchip.
A website where low life fat virgins go. www.reddit.com
What goes down and never comes up My ego
"I'm so stoked!" -An excited fireplace
What do you call a documentary on Nuns? Virgin Media.
This entire pizza told me thigh gaps are for queers.
What has four letters, but a long sentence? Rape.
Americans think of Canada as a United States cover band.
Why is flour retarded? Because it's in-bread.
What's the most positive thing in Africa? HIV
Which chocolate stops dogs hair falling out? Malteasers
To get to the other side
What do you call a class for dumb gingers? Speckle-ed.
How much space does the EU have left? 1GB
This is not a joke
What do you call a happy wizard? Optimystical
What do you call a PED for bears? Polaroids.
What do they say in vegetable church? Lettuce pray.
Are you a homeless horse? Because you look unstable.
What does a ghost pick out of his nose? Boo-gers
How do Japanese Chihuahuas say hello? Konichihuahua.
Yo momma's so mean she has no standard deviation
What's a martini's favorite garnish? Olive 'em!
Can February March? Don't know but April May...
Who has scene a dinosaur? No one! They're extinct!
What's a Trump supporter's favorite topic? Hillary Clinton.
Naming your cat "Whiskers" is like naming your kid "Eyebrows."
What is a pigs favourite ballet? Swine Lake!
What's red, white, and black all over? An American plantation.
Why do chat fail always look fake Because they are
Where do german parents send their ADD kids? Concentration Camps
Garbage men have Hefty contracts.
What's a German Ninja drink beer out of? A clandestein.
What's yellow and flashes? A banana with a loose connection.
The real reason humans have two hands? Two boobs.
Why did the music teacher get arrested So Doe Mi
What does Morpheus seek for paper cuts? Neosporin.
These boots. Were made. For Walken.
Where do cats go to vacation? Meowi
Where did Hitler send his Oranges? The concentration camps.
How do French psychologists like their beverages? froid
Why Was Vista Afraid of Seven? Cause seven eight ten.
Billion dollar idea: Meth with Flouride
What did hitler say when the jews escaped aw shwitz!
If I can, and you can why Clark Kent?
What's Mr. Ts chain made out of? Fools gold
Your Google search history is the real you.
Finally, GOOGLE will be firmly AHEAD of APPLE... ...ALPHABETICALLY :)
How does a sociopath say goodbye? Manip-ya-later!
What is a group of Pedophiles called? A conclave!
A man walks into a bar "Ouch!!!", he says.
Spoiler alert! The milk's got 1 day left
What do you call a female lumberjack? A lumberjill
What did 0 say to 8 ? Nice belt
Moses How does Moses make his coffee? He brews it.
How many pushups can Chuck Norris do? All of them!
To live 98 years and have NO enemies
What does expensive pasta cost? A pretty penne
What does a robot do after sex? Nuts and bolts
What's a caveman's favorite lunchtime meal? A club sandwich.
People who eat ass have a shitty taste in sex
You don't sweat much for a fat chick.
What's a vampire's favorite fruit. Neck-tarine
What does 36+16 equal to? A prison sentence.
What's the most confusing day in the hood? Father's Day
What does a Syrian pirate say? Allah AkbARRR
It's a bit drizzy out there... Expect a li'l wayne
Who did the baker bring to work? His doughter.
Don't go broke trying to look rich... act your wage'
How is 2+2=5 like your left foot? It's not right.
Cum on guys, gay jokes are not funny.
Who's the most famous chair tester? Mike Easter
what do you call an optimistic 0? A cheery-o!
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little Nazis
Frankenstein the Gardner why is frankenstein a great gardner????
Where do you bury a donkey? In an asshole!
What is a traitor's favorite food? Eggs Benedict
How does a door chime answer the phone?  Bella?
What's a feminists favorite music festival? Burning Man.
Him: You have such a beautiful soul. Me: It's photoshopped.
What's Adam Levine's favorite holiday? Halloween Halloween Halloween!
What is the most expensive type of prostitute? Whoreganic
What's a whale's favourite brand of hair gel? Krill Bream.
My iPhone is like my girlfriend Doesn't blow
And the Oscar goes too.......... Prison.
Australians don't have sex Australians mate.
"my eye is up here" -Illuminati pyramid
How do you get a nun pregnant? Fuck her.
I've had enough of my wife. Thought the bloated cannibal.
I'd like to think inside your box.
"I'm smart. Everyone else is stupid" - everyone
Squirrels before girls.
2016  That's the joke.
Cop behind me just turned. Best unfollow ever.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
What is Forrest Gump's favorite type of pasta? Penne
You're like school in July... No class
Suicide Bomber "Now I'm only gonna show you this once"
Premature ejaculating searches young woman... Oh.... nevermind
What language does a homosexual jew speak? .....Heblew
I think I hear burglars dear. Are you awake?  No!
What do you call a limbless swimmer? Bob.
Do you know what's really tiring../? ... being awake.
What's pink and hard? The Financial Times crossword puzzle
Says Yoda, "About me, no more jokes."
Why can't , melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What is a mexican's favorite sport event? Cross country
*Aims for the moon* *hits curb*
Best joke I've heard in a while 63071
Blowjobs did not live up to my expectations. They suck.
What kind of bear likes the rain? A drizzley bear.
Why does Britain like tea so much? Because tea leaves.
What do you call an orphan named Rose? Self-raising flour
You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me.
u mad bro? or just disappointed bro?
Where does Iron man get his e-mail? Fe-mail
What does a frog that can read say? Reddit...reddit...
CD worms made tapeworms obsolete.
I tried to catch some fog But I mist.
Vagina jokes are not funny Period.
Have you tried Ethiopian Food? Neither have they.
Wordpress Is Shutting Down? http://www.everydayfails.com/articles/wordpress-is-shutting-down/
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
Me: I've been constipated for 2 months. Friend: No shit?
What pokemon would you catch in Antarctica? Freezing.
What salesman has the slickest line? A hair grease salesman.
Why do they call me seven days? Because I'm weak.
A Reddit moderator walks into a bar [removed]
How do hair stylists get in shape? Curling Iron.
You know whats hard? Bricks.
tomorrow is erection day for all the Asian-Americans.
I posted something about Turkey in /r/news [deleted]
A teenage boy decides to stop masturbating.
Getting an Arts Degree... ...
Happy new year! Sorry, I suffer from premature congratulation.
How does every black joke start? *Looks over shoulder *
What's the boob of a nun called? Sanctity.
I left my keys on my piano ...That's it.
What's Gordon Ramsay's least favourite movie? ITS FUCKING FROZEN!
What does a vegetable use to change a flat? Asparagus...
The frustrated cannibal threw up his hands.
Studies show [NSFW] Studies show 9/10 people enjoy gang rape
What do you call a Polish aardvark? A Polaark!
What's the objective of Jewish football? To get the quarterback!
What is Hitler's favourite type of pizza? The Hollow Crust.
What do you call a happy husband? Broke.
#MyHomelessSignWouldSay Obama aint the only one who wants change
Surprise a beautiful person today by disagreeing with them.
How to parallel park: 1) Park somewhere else.
What do you call a masturbating bull? Beef Stroganoff.
Which herbal tea goes best with heroin?
okay, i admit it. you're wrong.
What kind of bus can cross the ocean? A Columbus.
What's the wisest kind of modeling putty? Play-toh.
My wife's safe word: "Not tonight"
What's long, black, and smelly? The unemployment line
"LEEEEET'S GET READY TO TUUUUUUMBLE!!!" -wet laundry
Why do blondes wear panties? To keep their ankles warm.
Wanna hear a pizza joke? Nah it's too cheesy!
diseases you get after marriage onegina
What do you call a dumb bunny? A hare brain.
I just came up with a new word! Plagiarism!
What is it called when Lebron James has sex? Bron-choitus
TIFU ...by posting this in the r/jokes subreddit.
Don't worry. Nobody else wants Sharona.
What was the catchiest thing of 2014? Ebola
Why can't black people be virgins? Because they're born fucked.
What's worse than 1 slice of burnt toast? The holocaust.
How do you make a squid laugh? Ten tickles.
Hows a forwardly plural Hitler hailed as? Shitler
Life is like children underwear Short and full of shit
It's not necrophilia if she was alive when I started.
'I Now Pronounce You Man and WiFi'
Wonder what Facebook employees do to waste time at work?
Fail-proof diet: cut sugar, fats, pasta, alcohol, bread and wrists.
What Is Brown and Rhymes With Snoop? Dr. Dre
What makes a talker become a stalker? The s.
What is Cthulu's favorite pizza? deep dish
What's white on bottom and black on top? Rape.
Where do Orcish cows go to hang out? *Moooooooo*rdor.
The power went out. At the gigafactory.
The technology behind whiteboards is remarkable.
Why is the beach wet? Cause the seaweed
Schrodinger's cat walk into a bar And then it didnt.
Becoming a vegan ...was a big missed steak
The three most important unwritten rules. 1. 2. 3.
why did the chicken cross the road?
What's a storm trooper's favorite date? March 4th
What is a gay dinosaur called? Nsfw Megasorass
Whats Marios favorite type of jeans? denim denim denim!
When does a horse neigh? Whinny wants to!
Hey Amish person reading this: Busted.
What is a cow's favorite lunch meat? Bullogna
What's a specimen? An Italian astronaut :-D
Oh Jesus another fuckin day, they just keep comin.
What does an excited Japanese horse say? Oshio des neighhhhh
It all The title says it all.
What do you call a one-night stand? A humpty-dumpty!
How does Germany pay for all these refugees? Krautfunding.
What's the most well mannered dinosaur? A plesiosaur.
What's green and smells like pork? Kermits finger
Why are teenage girls so odd? Because they can't even
Hey, you wanna win? Nah, we'll pass.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Because YOLO
Where do you drown hipsters? In the mainstream
What boxer's nickname is EEEEE? Mohammad Ali All-E
There were plenty of lookers-on but no witnesses. 
Why Russians never drive stick shift? They really hate Stalin
What is a wock? Something you throw a wabbits.
People asked me to stop singing Wonderwall. I said maybe.
Wanna hear a joke? My ex wife still misses me...
How do Religious Education teachers mark exams? With spirit levels.
What is a tree's favorite drink? Root Beer
Two jews walk into a bar and buy it.
What kind of joke do peeping Toms like? In-ya-window
A row machine that actually moves around the gym.
Weekend's coming up. Time to surf the real world.
You know what really grinds my gears? Oxidation
*pokes forehead* Is this thing on ?
Goodnight Moon. Goodnight crazy guy in my tree with binoculars.
What do you say to a handicapped dog? "Stay"
What do you call a Protestant in Greece? Unorthodox
What is a baby bee ? A little humbug !
A one word joke: Lysdexia.
Why are white girls so odd? Because they "can't even!"
a man walked into a bar... ...the other one ducked
What do you do with dead atoms? Barium
What's a Canadian's favorite board game? Sorry!
Chuck Norris donates blood, just not his own
These ramen noodles taste like payday is next Friday.
What would you rather bea or wasp?
Falling coconuts kill more people than falling sharks.
What's a bulimic cheerleaders favourite restaurant? In'n'Out Burger
What do you call an animal that doesn't matter? Irrelephant.
Want to hear a funny joke? Civil Rights. For Anyone.
I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves. http://imgur.com/gallery/8u6m2Nv
Why they never refuel in Fast and Furious? Vin Diesel
Homeless &amp; unemployed cyborg law enforcer Hobocop
How much do pirates pay for piercings? A buccaneer!
Step aside coffee, this is a job for alcohol.
Pedophiles really get on my nerves... They're fucking immature assholes.
What do you call a Serbian prostitute? Slobodan Mikokubic
What do Asian people use as blindfolds? Shoe laces.
Yo Mum Jokes! (The British "Yo Mama") http://www.peachdogjones.com/2013/01/14/21-yo-mum-jokes-british-humor
I'm starting a magazine called "Jugs". It's mostly about pottery.
What would you doooooooo? for a klondike bar?
What has a million legs but can't walk? Jerry's Kids.
I found a pot of gold today... Au yeah
I tried to catch some fog this morning ... Mist.
How long does a dog's bark last? **Ruff**ly a second.
Put your family down and pay attention to your phone.
How ironic is it... to die in the living room?
Wanna know the best joke ever? Read the top comments....
Where are the Golden State Warriors from? Chokeland.
How does an octopus go to war? Well-Armed
"LeBron has cramps"... I get those every month you baby.
What's the cheapest kind of noodle you can buy? Penne.
What stops rape every time? Consent
Mack The Slice
"I maul out of love" - Bear Supply
What does Snoop Dogg use to wash his clothes? bleotch!!
Secondary market that lets people sell their excess Twitter characters.
Twat did you say? I cunt hear you.
*jumps from the earth to the moon* PARKOUR
Think Im Sarcastic? Watch Me Pretend To Care!
Knock Knock. Who's not there? Not me.
I was attacked by tiny bees.... The experience was belittling.
What do you call traffic in The Czech Republic? Praguetory
A GIRL SAID.... TODAYS JOKES..A GIRL SAID TRUST ME....LOL
How do you disappoint a redditor? [removed]
Shipwrecked ! by Mandy Lifeboats
what's the best part about being a man? no .
It's like sex while camping.. it's fucking intense
Confucius say... Confucius say man with beard face rough time!
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of milk? 1%
What did one German baker say to the other? Glutentag!
What's Ron Jeremy's favorite shape? Erectangle
King's Landing Tommen put the king's landing in King's Landing
The Greek Economy Forever A Loan!
What is 6.9? A great thing ruined by a period
"That's what." -She.
What is Hitler's IP address? holocalhost
I can't stand being in a wheelchair. ...
What is a priest's favorite candy? Sacramentos
What's Funnier then an Obama Joke? DEZ NUTZ!!!
Why is Jesus gay? Ahhh men
What happens after it rains in gotham city? a waynebow.
Usain Bolt's Girlfriend She pulled a fast one!
Sunday. Fun day. One day. Done day. Monday. Fuck.
What do coffee beans say to scare their friends? Brew.
When do clocks die? When their time is up.
Deer nuts are cheap they're under a buck.
What kind of bee makes milk Boo-Bee
The greatest joke of all: Your sex life.
Who never wants to be drawn at a raffle? Mohammed
What do you call a running chicken? Poultry in motion.
Rick Rolled
What do you call a negative antelope? A Cantelope.
IDEA: Cry HoleTM - the hole you can cry in
what's wrong if everything is all right? There's nothing left
What kind of cereal does Ronda Rousey eat? Kix
If life gives you melons... You might be dyslexic
What fruit can't get married? CANTELOPE
Whats got two legs and bleeds? Half a dog!
If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
"Support bacteria  it's the only culture some people have!"
"That's a wrap, everybody." ~movie director identifying delicious food
What does a duck smoke? Quack
Did you know that Will Smith is a black smith?
What do you call a fear of horned bovines? Aurochnophobia.
*Involved in high speed chase* *Uses turn signals*
Knock knock Who's there? Doctor About time! You're already ten!
Why did H blow itself up? Because G had.
What's the fastest curry in the world? Usain Balti..
He's a recovering alcoholic: recovering from last night!
I wish gyms had a "montage" option
What goes up and never comes down? Your age!
What can't you call a black priest Father...
What rhymes with orange? No it doesn't!
What's the hardest part about eating vegetables? The Wheelchair.
What rhymes with orange? No it doesn't.
What's white and in the men's 100M final? The lines.
Is zero dark thirty the combination to the hurt locker?
What's worse than male chauvinists? Women who don't shut up.
Who is the world s worst golfer? Hitler
What is close to stupidity? Mexico and Canada
This guy with premature ejaculation comes out of nowhere.
I'll believe corporations are people when Texas executes one.
What would a reddit restaurant be called? Chooters
Relax. You are not paranoid. People really do hate you.
What did Beethoven do when he died? Decompose.
What would twitch.tv's mafia be called? El Kappa
Can't believe i actually met a guy named Dick Putinson
If pirates say "Arr", What do software pirates say? .RAR
Why can't Elvis Presley drive? 'Cause he's dead.
[Insert Shitty Joke here] APRIL FOOLS DAY!!!
2 Pacs of Eminems for 50 Cent? Man that's Ludacris
How does Kris Kringle clean his hands? Santatizer
What happens if you steel? You have to get Alloy-er
Why Batman never joke into comedy. One rule: NO KILLING
What did the fucking zombie say? Crack whores.
An Irish man walks past a bar...
What's black and white and red all over? A newspaper
Why was Santa in the asylum? He lost his SANTAty
Whats a ghost's favorite kind of porn? Booookaki
What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up? Age
What is an alto's favorite drink? High C!
What do you call a bunch of unicorns? A unicornucopia.
You know what's fucking shit? A scat fetish
Why shouldn't you get stoned and reddit?
Who is the most basic Spice Girl? Pumpkin Spice.
I am running out of people I actually like.
Can you tell me a joke existential in nature?
I was about to make a sodium joke... but Na
I hate people with erectile dysfunction no hard feelings
What's a Scottish transsexual's favourite drink? Mango Lassi
When bae isn't bae anymore Baygon
what do vegan zombies eat? Graaaaaaaaaaaaaains...
Yo mama so fat! Her Prius gets 12mpg.
How much sex does Sister Mary get? Nunn.
Hedgehogs. Why can't they just share the hedge?
Chemistry joke (not stupid) What's Avogadro's number? 0602211023 i^am^so^funny^why^you^read^this
Where does bad light end up? In a prism.
My IQ came back negative.
I never ever make mitsakes.
Please remove shoes in the foyer first. Second, your pants.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. Title.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
Which day of the week do ghosts like best?  Moandays.
On my cakeday... ... -1 2^3   and it was delicious!
What's the most dangerous animal in Alaska? Sarah Palin
If you fall, I'll be there. Love, The floor.
What comes after 69 ? Mouthwash
You Can Tune a Piano but You Can't Tuna Fish
I make weak food puns They're never stroganoff.
If at first you don't succeed, get her drunk.
What happened to the frog's car? It was toad.
Whats the gay man's favorite Civil War Battle? Manasses.
What does a hawk call a high ledge A *falcony!*
Go deep throat a cactus.
Q: Where do books sleep? A: Under their covers.
Who is the communist leader of r/Jokes ? Chairman Lmao
What's a soldier's least favorite car company? KIA
Mimes give each other the unsilent treatment.
ME: I fell in the shower. HIM: Send pics
Mountain's aren't funny... They're hill areas.
Q: Can gorillas swim? A: No.
What did one telepath say to the other telepath? Nothing.
Who isn't allowed to watch PG movies? Orphans.
Knuckle tattoo idea: BORN DEFORMED
You can't joke with a kleptomaniac... They take everything, literally.
My Arabic neighbours are expecting.....they are having Ha-bibi.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A Roamin Catholic!
I'd brag about my pride... But I'd be lion.
What's the best way to sum up the 90's? 90+91+92+93+94+95+96+97+98+99=945
What comes after a farting competition? Farty!
Where do wind gusts go to on dates?  -To Chicago
Talking to your Urologist... "Urine Trouble"
Whats the most popular breakfast food in Africa? Ebola cereal!
What idiot called it "salad" and not "la sad"
Superman biggest weakness is not kryptonite. It's horses.
How do you make pickle bread? You need dill dough.
Abortions........ Really suck the life outta you
Why are Rhinoceroses so wrinkly? Because they're hard to iron.
It must really suck to be an Atheist named "Christian".
A man walked into a bar Ouch!
Sorry I was late. I got stuck in internet traffic.
I just invented a new word: plagiarism.
How many seconds are there in a year? Twelve
What cake wanted to rule the world?  Attila the Bun.
Pizza is like sex... Its better with the boys
HA! [That's close enough.](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/internet-explorer/downloads/ie-9/worldwide-languages)
Nachos on Christmas Eve. We're celebrating the birth of cheeses!
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;M's? They fall through his hands.
Who was Noah's wife? Joan of Ark
Reddit's integrity
Dead Alive Other
What do Yoda's sheep say? Dey go baa.
What has 9 arms &amp; sucks........ Def Lepard.
TIL that DNA originally stood for National Dyslexic Association
Perks of being ugly
If the Alibaba IPO crashes... Dibs on the term "Ali-bubble"
My aquarium is missing quite a few parts #nofilter
What do you call a fake noodle? An Im-pasta
The Vietnamese world domination: one nail salon at a time.
What do you take on a math camping trip? 2/10
How do you make an octopus laugh? Ten"tickles"
What do you call a religious duck? A Quacker
What's white, black, and red all over? A race war.
Jesus, the first pin up model
A Tweet is like a dress; the shorter the hotter.
What can you find in the middle of no where?
What do you call a paraplegic archer? Legolas.
What's better than watching a woman wrestle? Seeing her box.
Why was the lumberjack executed? He committed treeson.
*whistles at dog* DOG: I have a boyfriend
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducks
What kind of exercises do lazy people do? Diddly-squats
Dark Humor is like food Not everyone gets it
Recycling Adult Toys "One man's trash is another man's pleasure!"
When Does The Narwhal Bacon? MidNight
Without Geometry Life is pointless.
What does a gay horse eat? heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey
What do you call an alcoholic eating grapes? Impatient.
Have you heard about Beyonce's new perfume line, Beyotch?
Politicians are like coolant... Anti-frees
How did the truck get his girlfriend? Pickup lines
Do you know Forest Gump's Facebook password? 1Forest1
What is the hardest part of eating vegetables? Their wheelchairs
You want to piss off a woman? Hide one shoe.
What was Mussolini's favourite dessert? Tyranisu
What's a crusader's favourite drink? A Teu-tonic.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
I'm more pissed off than a midget with a yo-yo.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Likalotapus.
What do sick composers drink? Tchai *cough* Tea
I read quantum physics magazines for the particles.
What's Tommen Baratheon's favorite band? Fall out boy
What is a virgin's least favorite fruit? Cantaloupe
How do you launder money? Put it under the soap.
If you donate something worthless Is it still a donation?
Robin Williams dead. Police suspect arson, but I Doubtfire.
I love the smell of relapse in the morning
If you had more money you'd be happier.
Why are sinks depressed? People look down on them.
Whats an African-American's favorite fare? Welfare.
What do you call a scary bee? A boo bee.
What does the quantum duck say? Quark Quark
Transsexuals just aren't what they used to be
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell
What did the olive say to the drink. Olive you.
Life is scary At least the salary is funny
Condoleeza Rice went by Condoleeza Couscous in college.
Knock Knock! -Who's there? -I eat mop...
Why does no-one use the rhinos ATM? Because he charges!
What do you call a very small valentine? A valentiny.
What does a rapist wear to feel sexy? Cologne.
How does an Australian shave? Rise up lights
How does Moses make his coffee? He-brews it.
My astronomy professor told me I was his star pupil.
What does a vegan ghost eat? Supernatural food.
Why is NTFS healthy? Because it's FAT free.
The U.S. if Trump wins
My dog only responds to commands in Spanish He's Espanyol
Time flies when a falcon steals your wristwatch.
According to facebook it is my wife's birthday.
What does OP and DiGiorno have in common?
What food is good for the brain? Noodle soup.
The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
Who do you call for the console police? WiiU
A one-liner walks into a bar.
*I'm worried about tomorrow* Tomorrow: I'm fine, stop worrying.
What music does a mummy listen to? Wrap music
todayilearned nothing
What do cow pastures smell like? Dairy air
Trump. Ba Dum Tssss.
For years I thought hitchhikers were complimenting my driving.
Here's a joke for those who follow rap Meek Mill
What has 18 legs and catches flies? A baseball team.
A silly joke about sex after marriage.
What do you call a promiscuous hippy? Whore-ganic
what do you call a cheap circumsion A rip off
What did Mustafa's dad say after he founded Turkey? attaturk.
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
How do really posh dogs send messages? By predigree-mail.
What's brown and sticky? (not a stick) My Beyonce calendar
What is a mummies favorite genre of music? Wrap
Not now brain... ...this is a job for stupidity.
Common Core
1987 was a great year for the payphone.
Sarah Palin's political integrity. Because she's ~~a woman~~ an idiot.
Kid's are afraid to take this nap. Kidnap.
My sex life is like 9/11 No one wanted it.
"Everybody freeze!" -November
How do dentists like their eggs? Poached.
Worst part of being sick? Sneezing while taking a piss...
HAPPY EARTH DAY! Suck it, Neptune.
What game did the Rabbi play with the Baby? PeekaJew
What kind of birds stick together? Vel-crows
But wait...
Walking around Brooklyn, slapping people's brunches to the ground.
Sarah Millican just called Stephen Hawking a good sport.
HANDJOBS are a touchy subject.
Which reindeer have the shortest legs? The smallest ones.
How does a chef relax? He beats his meat
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He got his gas bill
Why are girls like rocks? You skip the flat ones.
What do mysoginy and racism have in common? Black women.
What business is King Kong in? Monkey business.
What's hard, white, and 10 inches? Nothing.
*Slides down your chimney* *Straightens all your pictures*
Q: What do sneezes wear on their feet? A: Ahhh-shoes.
Incest It's how you come into your own
What's Pink and Hard??? A Pig with a Flip Knife.
Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
The New Yorker swims into a bar...
What do you call a Jamaican that wears glasses? Rasta-four-eyes!
Zombie apocalypses suck. Everything comes back to bite you!
What kind of jeans do ghosts wear? Boo Jeans
What's the worst part about Necrophilia? The awkward silence.
mrw browsing front page [removed due to copyright]
What's Ellen Pao's husband's favourite web plugin? Ponzi Buddy.
What's a vampire's favourite dance? The vaults!
What is a politician's favorite kind of tea? Infideli-tea.
Where do religious school children practice  sports? In the prayground!
What's a desert's favorite song? Darude-Sandstorm
Why was the calendar depressed? His days were numbered.
I once ate an exclamation mark... it was surprisingly good.
How does Bilbo take his tea? Bag-in
Free Tibet I'LL TAKE IT!
What does the Jewish Bruce Wayne drive? The Shabbat-Mobile.
Why do SJW's hate Programmers? They objectify everything.
How do Australians have sex? They mate
I told a blonde joke She didn't get it.
What do you call a jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash.
You can tell a lot about a person by autopsy.
Where do pencils come from ? Pennsylvania
Hey guys Someone needs to wake up green day.
Did you hear about the dyslexic racist? He hated gingers.
Why do black people wear flares? because their knee grows
So you guys heard about this MySpace thing?
Michael Jackson jokes are so childish
US Naval Communications
What do you call an alien surfing the Internet? e-t.
So /r/cringepics posted something actually cringeworthy.
The NSA A government organization that actually listens to you!
What comes after L? Bow
If you are what you eat ...never order a #2.
I think I made a good joke Donald Trump
Who is the oppostite of Cristopher Walken? Christopher Reeve
I am a virtuous woman, that's why I cost more!
Oh no! The universe just imploded itself...... ...... No matter.
I'd write a rap song... ..but i'm too Lay-Z
Now tell me how old your baby is in HOURS.
Dyslexic florists say "Weddings are for pansies."
"Are you cold?" *People who are cold*
Female Viagra has been around for years It's called money.
What's the favourite toy of Turkish rulers? Beyblades.
Did you hear that Oxygen and Magnesium are dating. OMg
My voice is like a pony, A little Horse.
What do you call a flying skunk? A smellicopter!
How is /r/jokes like the green movement? Reuse and Recycle
How does a dishwasher make his money? Panhandling
a sphincter says what? pants up, dont poop.
"Who's on first?" "David." "Cool." -Abbott and Costello's first draft
Which wrestler's weakness is the rain? Dwayne Johnson
But it's not my choice I'm single by choice
Where does the time go?
What did the Ghost say to the Bee? Boo Bee
What's a ducks favorite drug? Quack cocaine
Two men walk into a BAR... The third one ducked!
Who do zombie cowboys fight? Deadskins.
I don't trust those trees They seem kind of shady
How do you lose fourteen stone of fat? Dump him.
What is the chemical composition of a fire hydrant? K9P.
What does a nut say when it sneezes? Cashew.
Have you heard about the world's safest driver? He's wreckless!
You don't know me. I'm PID 1, init.
Who has the most karma on Reddit? Buddha.
Don't eat my chocolate. I'll be back Monday.
ELI5: Why do we blink subconsciously? You aren't now!
The Amish girl was excommunicated... ...too Mennonite.
Guy finds secret trick into heaven... Gods hate him
Where did the poor Italian man grow up? The spaghetto
Two handicapped men walk into a bar... PRAISE THE LORD!!
What are facts about canines we must believe? Dogma
"We are out of oranges" he said, fruitlessly.
what's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? the wheelchair
What can you never eat for breakfast? Dinner.
How does James Bond sleep? Around.
Second attempt How to survive in Russia in 21 century?
100,000 sperm and you were the fastest?
What happens when Trump makes a meme? it goes dankrupt.
A warning shot into the head.
What's a joke only redditor's would get?
There aren't atheists in a falling plane ...
What is E.T short for? Because he's got little legs.
I'm gonna tell a Potassium joke. K?
What does Drew Carey have in his driveway? Cleveland Rocks!
We are the people our parents warned us about.
Microsoft skipped Windows 9 because 7, 8, 9
Mexican Hippie Slogan We love everyjuan!!
What's the funniest thing /r/funny has done? Gone private.
Will Will Smith smith? Will Smith will smith.
I love the F5 key. It s just so refreshing.
USA soccer We Ghana win.
Sunburn: Getting what you basked for.
Knock Knock Its the Spanish inquisition
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's sexual orientation? Bicepsual.
What's the best rape prevention tool? A de-boning knife.
My internet addiction is so bad... Its alt of ctrl.
69% of people find something dirty in every sentence.
What do you call a sheep taking Ambien? Shleepy!
Day 2 of being Kidnapped. Kidnappers have now committed suicide.
Whats black, big, and smelly? An unemployment line.(:
The people doing it in pornos are in love, right?
What do you call a two-legged-dog A puup
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
What game console do Latinos use most? XBOX JUAN
What do you call a horny lightbulb? Illumi-naughty. ;)
I tried to catch some fog... but i mist.
Bad sign. My fortune cookie just said, "Abdominal cramps".
What do you call an origional joke on r/jokes Mine
What was Hitler's favorite battery? The nein volt
Green men make me cross.
What kind of native American is Nikki Minaj? Arapahoe.
What did the ghost serve at his Halloween  party? Hallowieners!
What's a candidates favorite instrument? Trump-et
Why don't ghosts have kids? Because they have Hollow-Weinies
What do you call a cow that has abortion? Decaffeinated
Ignorance is bliss, and rampant.
Where do mermaids go to see movies? ...The dive-in
i love summer so much *sits around doing nothing*
Which animal has a dick on its back? Police horse
What's a pedophile's favorite shoe? White Vans
Happy Birthday, black Jesus.
What do you call a funny pancake? a puncake
What does D.N.A. stand for? National Dyslexia Association
Q. How do blonde brain cells die? A. Alone
Winning the Lottery by Jack Potts
Lettuce. Because water should be crunchy.
How did Wendy die? The baconator
What do you call a tired cow? Milked out!
Why do fencers make terrible Redditors? They always riposte.
What is a pedophile's favorite type of shoes? White Vans
Why would a married man buy a hearing aid?
What's the Italian word for suppository? innuendo
America: Where stairs are only used for emergency escape purposes.
I like my coffee like an excellent slave Black!
I am religious. I religiously avoid church.
Gay men tend to be very tongue-in-cheek.
What do you call a gay keyboard layout? Qweerty
LPT: Name Your Hands, Instant 3some
What Do You Call A Jewish Dilemma? Free Ham
A recent earthquake has wiped out Etchisketchistan
This sub should be referred to as "Geddit."
How do Frenchmen share files? Pierre to Pierre.
My Mexican friend is lactose intolerant. No whey Jose.
A G N B: That's bang out of order.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? addictionary
How do you confuse a heterosexual person? Eleven
I'm not mature enough to work at Siemens.
How much does a truck made of light weigh? Photons
Gary Johnson Has won the election.
don't let the glasses fool you, I'm an idiot
Why didn't the magician shave? He made it disabeard..
What do you call a young male cow? Cowboy
Stupid cats, can't even YOLO
One day... I'll look up what procrastination means.
How heavy is a Chinese dumpling? Wonton.
A cow walks into a bar n.
What's long and black? The unemployment Line.
Nothing beats a beautiful woman. Except Chris Brown
How many tickels until a octopus laughs Ten-tickels...... I'll leave
Where do trees keep their money? In branch banks.
Is your refrigerator running? Cause I might vote for it.
Company loyalty can often be explained by Stockholm syndrome.
Dancing at the Party by Hans Neesanboompsadaisy
What's the easiest way to condense milk? Mlk
Answer Penguins have knees ? :D
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer. Ash.
Why don't vultures eat at restaurants? They don't allow carrion.
Deja Moo I feel like I've heard this bull before...
What's brown and sticky? Parcel tape.
What kind of tea isn't fake? A property
What do dwarves use to cut their pizza? Little Caesars
T is for mugs
The Detroit Lions
What's the most positive thing about Africa? HIV.
*uses your voodoo doll as a tampon*
What do you call a nuclear-powered car? A mobile-Chernobyl!
What do you call a bee's rear end? A Bee-Hind
WOMEN Woo men.
Parkour or plastic? *bounces away with your groceries*
Before. b-e-f-o-r-e, not B4. We speak English, Not bingo...
I just love the new minecraft update. It's groundbreaking.
You're so ugly, Scorpion be like, "Stay over there!"
What's the worst thing about 90's kids? They fight back.
Funniest Superbowl moment The Broncos...
How heavy is a hipster? One thousand instagrams
What do you call a gay guy's saggy balls? Mud-flaps
Terry wogans head stene is to be left blankity blank
What's 9 + 10? Dix Neuf
What's a pirates favorite thing to eat? The booty.
My dreams are like dinosaurs.... All big and dead.
What do you call money you pay prostitutes? Headquarters
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Reeve.
Nicki Minaj is my favorite teletubby
What do you call a rich frog? A gold-blooded reptile.
One direction should be renamed 0.8 Direction
Marriage is for men who miss staying with their parents.
*Pays bills* *Bank turns off debit card for suspicious activity*
What's the NSA's favourite game? I spy.
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Reeves
What do you call a child molesting know-it-all? A wikipediaphile
Why did seedless grape cry? Unable to produce child.
Class action lawsuits are gangs for white people.
You might think incest is gross... **but it's** ***all relative.***
What is a pirate's favorite element? Gold.
I like how glasses suggest intelligence instead of broken eyes.
How do astronauts plan a party? They planet. (Plan-et)
Twitter's still doing that thing where I'm not funny.
Neck Exercises by G. Rarff
Very Punny! Eric is just Derek without a D
Your mama is so fat... Her alphabet is the KFCs
How do you reunite the Beatles? With two bullets.
What is the square root of 69? Ate something....
Yo mama so bald even a wig wouldn't help!
What does an onii-chan drive? A Niisan. *cue rimshot*
What do you call El Chapo suffering from seizures? Narcolepsy
Boy, are you a destination wedding? Cuz I can't come.
The man who invented the "VELCRO" died today.... ...RIP.
I love long romantic walks... ...to the fridge.
I love my girlfriend, but... My wife hates her!
Hey street performer, try juggling life and a real job
What's another name for a dictator? Penis potato
I hear seatbelts save lives! Nope, nevermind, still have cancer.
What's the strongest muscle on a pig? The hamstring.
!False //It's funny because it's true.
To err is human; to moo bovine.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Puberty
Why was the lightbulb invented? Somebody had an idea.
What do you call a joke with no ending?
weed is a gateway drug. *opens gate* Welcome To CoolFunLand
Welcome to Syria! You'll have a blast :)
The North Korean Military
Cat Joke just kitten.
Why is Patrick so dumb? He's living under a rock.
Why do cow wear bells? Because their horn doesn't work!
What does a french sheep say? Ca ba?
Click Bait Joke
Amy's Baking Company
Which US state is the friendliest towards the Japanese? Ohio
The pickle is like your sandwich's pet
Reddit? More like...Eddit
What's the opposite of Christopher Walken? Christopher Reeve...
in australia we call her kilometrey cyrus
*Tips fedora at a mosquito* "M'laria'
My cat's dead, can I play with your pussy instead?
CAUGHT ON TAPE: Lint
Throwing acid is wrong... in some people's eyes.
Which came first, the Chicken or the Egg? The Rooster
What do Reptiles love to smoke? Mariguana
What kind of ant can count? An account*ant*.
Parachute for sale Used once, never opened, small stain
What's a nice guy's fave drink? M'mosa
Breaking: Microsoft announces the Monkees catalog now available on Zune.
What's a great thing to do in Fresno? Leave.
What does a nosy pepper do? Get jalapeno business
its shanksgiving, be thankful i havent stabbed u yet.
Willpower? Sure. It's in the garage with my unicorn.
What do you call a Mexican without a car... carlos
Only God can judge me. *gets hit by lightning*
*purposely chooses network with most dropped calls*
"You're going to poop me." --Lazy Fortune Cookie
Velcro What a rip-off!
Who is the original Kardashian? Saint Christopher
Who delivers pizza in the hood? Popo John's
Don't be part of the problem, be the whole problem
What is the collective noun for children? A migraine.
Mathematical Humor It just doesn't add up.
Robocop seems pretty cocky for a guy that can't swim.
Ronda Rousey's boxing
Haha, You're Gay. Go get married.
What has 9 letters and makes everyone mad? Clickbait
The table salt tore a ligament. It was an ACL.
Who built the round table? Sir Cumference
Which type of comedy leaves a hamburger cold? BITING humour!
I hate people with artism
BREAKING: wind. I have just farted terribly.
What do you call a roaming caveman? A meanderthal
Don't spell part backwards. It's a trap.
How did Kim Jong-Il begin his audio autobiography? "Dear Reader"
What shape gets rid of curses? A hexagon
Dude, she just liked my status, she totally wants me.
What was Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Waattaaah!
There's no "I" in "Illiteracy."
What's a nymphomaniac's favorite candy bar? Almond joy.
What kind of jeans does Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
bill nye is short for william new years eve
What did the old man get for his birthday? Cancer.
Which weather features do druggies like most?  Highs
I guess my least favorite author is probably Hitler
What dictator had the best bureaucracy? Idi Admin.
They organized a lookalike competition in China. Everybody won!
What's large, black and steals your credit cards? Sony Playstation
My wife lost 200 lbs! I divorced her.
Whats better? Virtual porn or 4K porn? Neither you pervert...
What do you call a chocolate cake?? A dindonuffin muffin
Ohh, no thanks. I have seen a baby before
How do scientists celebrate Pirate Day? They get their Aaargh-On!
Time = Money because you SPEND it!
There's a joke in this thread. It's you.
Where do onions fight? In the onion ring!
When are the hiest's coming out? THEY ARE NOT!
women's Rights
I feel sorry for all of the atheists named Christian.
What newspaper do cows read? The Daily Moos.
What did one Redditor say to another? [removed]
Two men walk into a bar... the third one ducks.
What do you call gummy semites? Chews!
With great power comes a great electric bill.
How many months have 28 days? All of them
What is the Highest Proof of Tequila? Juan Fifty Juan
What does a 75 year old pussy taste like? Depends.
How does Anthony Weiner like his meat? Pulled
What do you call a friendly helicopter? A hello-copter
Gavin died today of heartburn. I am so sad gaviscon.
Django and Bjork, sitting in a tree, j-j-j-j-j-j-j.
What's a zombie's morning routine? Shit, shower, grave.
Think you can save humanity? Well, Jesus nailed it.
A Jewish Redditor made a foreskin joke. [removed]
What's your best elephant joke sequence?
A new joke about Kim Jong Un (removed)
What does a blueberry do at a party? The Anti-oxy-dance
How does Han Solo like to get around Endor? Ewoks
Don't let Trump find out about Motes. "Sea-walls?!"
A Jewish redditor decides to post a foreskin joke. [removed]
"Don't stop bereaving."..............Karaoke singer at a Philipino funeral..
Which year is the most popular? 1969
What's the difference between snowmen and snowomen Snowballs
Halitosis... is better than no breath.
What do you call a Belgian with a cold? Phlegmish
How are bears related to cooking? The pan... duh
What do you call a gay geologist? Substrate.
Woman's rights Not an april fools joke.
Just smiled back at a Toyota commercial.
What's the worst kind of incompetent? Leader.
What's the penis from Bill Gates like? Micro and soft.
Obama's gonna take all your decorative soaps.
What do you call a colorful nipple? Areola Borealis.
Where was the declaration of independence signed? At the bottom.
What did the homeless man get for Christmas? Hypothermia
What's long and black? The unemployment line.
Who makes the best milkshakes ever? Michael J. Fox.
i would lose weight but i hate losing
Tried to catch fog the other day... Mist
knock knock.
What's a orphans favorite ice cream flavor? Banana Foster
What is Jesus' favorite workout? Crossfitting
Do you know why android fanboys don't like apple products?
What's Ned Stark's favorite cereal? Raisin Bran
What will they now call hormonally-induced knockers on men? broosts
Why did Jack get a restraining order? Beanstalking.
Jeb Bush told a joke. Please laugh.
Behemoth? No. Hebebutterfly.
What is the healthiest college? Rice
Omg like wtf -me, praying
I see your choices and raise you one eyebrow.
My girlfriend is a special snowflake She's cold and flaky.
Why couldn't the two melons get married? They can't elope.
Why does everyone hate their elder brother?
Fecophilia Man, fuck that shit.
What is a frog's favourite website? REDDIT
I remember 2016... Just like it was yesterday.
What is a goal keepers favourite snack? Beans on post!
These dull kitchen knife jokes just aren't cutting it anymore.
What is the most successful spinoff ever made? The Bible
I made up a new word. Plagiarism.
What kind of doctor deals with pussies? A whinecologist.
What kind of bread do Rednecks like? Inbred
How are Pornstars paid? Income
A guy walks into a bar Ouch.
What gets really high in Colorado? The average elevation.
What Do Twitter Users Call Themselves? Twats.
What is the most religious insect ? A mosque-ito !
What caused the civil war in Ethiopia? Too many Negus.
Q: What do outlaws eat with their milk? A: Crookies.
Can Neon form a chemical bond with Indium? NeIn.
Where did Noah keep the Bees? In the Ark-Hives.
Did you hear about the wooden horse? No tale.
What do you call bears without ears? B.
What's the difference between pink and purple? The squeeze.
Temperature in the office is set to Dante.
Wanna hear a pizza joke? Nevermind. It's too cheesy.
What's a sorority girls favorite camera? A Like uh
What nipple did the UFO crash land on? Areola 51
How do you make an eggroll? You push it.
I love self-deprecating jokes. Too bad I suck at them.
A juice bar called Just Kale Yourself.
Just saw John Cena! lol jk
"Daddy, what's for breakfast?" "Its 5am. Anything you can reach"
I'm on Twitter because my family is on Facebook.
Ban pre-shredded cheese... Make America grate again!
Where can you drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
My poop likes rap music It's down with OP pee.
British sense of humour
What did Michael Fox bring to baby Jesus? Parkincense.
What's the difference between U and I? J
What kind of porn does Smurfette make? Blue Cocky.
"A weekend wasted isn't a wasted weekend."
Boolean Algebra You either know it or you don't.
Walking around the kitchen like Pac-Man when you're hungry.
Star Wars Spoiler: Darth Vader is Luke's father.
Why did Ginger go to the psych ward? Ginger snaps
It's okay Pluto I am not a planet either.
Siri's on her period. she needs an iPad
You can't spell dad without a
How do you call unexpected pregnancy in German? Kinder Surprise
Don't "pshhh" me, you stupid bus.
Know Thyself, said Jesus. in the biblical sense. Merry Christmas.
I just now remembered the Titans.
A Muslim tried to tell a joke It bombed.
What's green and sings? Elvis Parsley.
How do you say virgin in German? Goodandtight
Schroedinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't.
Who is the king of stationary? The ruler.
How do you get wishes from cheese? You fed-a-genie!
playing too much GTA. starting to see traffic as "options."
What's an MLG's smartphone of choice? An HTC One M8.
What did your last slave die of? A perforated colon.
I don't find dead comedians funny Probably because they're post-humourous.
KANYE FOR PRESIDENT.
What did the frog with internet addiction say? Reddit
Doctor: "Good news you passed your hearing test!" Patient: "HUH"
Donald Trump For President! That was the joke
Which cheese is made backwards? Edam
What do wooden whales eat? A plankton.
Why didn't the math teacher sin? Cosecant.
What's the best thing about murder? Nobody remembers the rape.
What do you call a Chinese cameraman? Phil Ming
What's not 50% off today? Health insurance
Want to hear a joke? Women's Rights
What's green and invisible? This cabbage
what do you call an arab vegatarian a muslim fondalentalist
Your mom at a food bank...Food for thot.
How do you make Peppermint Creme? Finger it really well.
A List of Shitty Jokes 1. This joke. 2.
Just an Internet Explorer joke loading...
Do you even know what patronizing means?
My sister thinks macadamia nuts is an STD.
What is the Arabic word for Priest? Infidel.
Why are refugees bad at math? They refuse to integrate.
Tom Brady ... You the real M.V.P!!!!
What version of windows does Jesus use? XP Edit: [Explanation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chi_Rho)
What does a Jewish wife make for dinner? Reservations.
What does a bee from Asia do? Nepallinates flowers.
She said I was average. That's just mean.
What's the most disgusting, distasteful international treaty organization? EU!
They say "pick your battles", so today Oreos win.
How do you pleasure a capitalist? An invisible handjob.
Why did Hitler kill himself? He saw his gas bill.
I squared my root beer... ...now it's just a beer.
How to propose to a stoner: Marriage ya wanna?
mermaid procreation how does a mermaid give birth? sea section
I don't like rape jokes... they always feel forced.
Just met Darth Vader's corrupt brother. Taxi Vader
I heard the camera adds 10 pounds. Don't eat cameras.
So Isaac Newton sits under a coconut tree...
Interviewer:Do you have time for a question? A: Yes...but...do...you...have...time...for...my...answer?
How do jews get around town? On penny boards.
I wouldn't say I never exercise... Occasionally, my nose runs.
A date so good... I eat 10 more.
Learn from your parents mistakes... Use birth control
What did the apathetic philosopher doctor say? Who cures?
*punches a fish* that's for tsunamis
Why are Muslims so violent? Because I slam.
Takeoffs are optional... Landings are mandatory
My dolphin died... I have no porpoise in life.
We are the Midwest We are snowd en.
What's worse than a paper titty? A cardboard box
Where do you hide a hippie's weed? Under the soap.
What idiot called it synthetic cannabis instead of Crock Pot?
What is Paul Georges favorite place to eat at? IHOP
Why do mexicans dislike rust? Because it is feo
What shoes does Brad wear? Loafers!
What do you call the beginning of a porno? Prelude
People keeping New Years resolutions
Why are cpws made for dancing? They're all born hoofers!
What's the German super hero called? Ale-Man
What's Whitney Houston's favourite form of coordination? HAAAAAND EYEEEEEEE!
Gonna start rapping about women's rights... Call me Feminem.
you know whats great about alzhemiers? nevermind i forget
Why was the fruit/vegetable hybrid upset? He was a melon-cauliflower.
What kind of dog can you milk? A titbull.
Obese people are roll models.
What is the holdup on square fruit, scientists?
What do you call a Jewish beer? A Hebrew
What do you call a fake record player? A phonygraph
What's the difference between a snowman and a snow-woman? Snowballs!
Do you people like your catfish battered and deep fried?
How is called the funeral of an electrical engineer? Grounding
How do Iranians speak on the  telephone? Persian-to-Persian (person-to-person).
I'm into cryogenics. All the cool kids are doing it.
Life without women... would be a pain in the ass.
China's number 1 brand of Protein? I-Whey-Whey
Who's the King's best mathematician? Sir Cumference
There is a big difference between "friends" and "Facebook friends"
What does Hitler drink each morning? Some Jews
What did the /r/science mod say to the user? [removed]
Guess which Wraith is a homosexual It's the flaming one
One day Jack was feeling happy.. Happy slapped him.
What time does Andy Murray go to bed? Tennish! 
Phishing Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
Why do Japanese people squint? Nuclear explosions are bright
Baby seal So a baby seal walks into a club...
Leaving someone a voice mail is the new Myspace message.
What's the difference between purple and pink? The grip.
Who's the opposite of Christopher Reeve? Christopher Walken
It sucks how pizza doesn't grow back.
I'm trying not to get an erection... But it's hard.
Why Don't Lobsters Share? Because they're shellfish.
"I stand corrected" said the man in the orthopedic shoes.
You're like school in the summertime - no class.
What do you call backup milk? *Secondairy*
Husband: How about a quickie? Wife: As opposed to what?
A closed mouth keeps it's teeth.
What do Japanese Cannibals Eat Raw-men
If Apple made cars... ...would they have Windows installed?
Why do stoners love English? Because it's lit
Why are Americans bad at chess? They lost two towers
What do you call an egotistical anorexic? A selfie stick.
What invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts
What do you call Kosher ice? Iceberg
Smokers are humans too Just not for so long
Keep calm and text a random number..."I'm pregnant"
I need a backspace key for my mouth
What do you call a spitting vampire? Spatula.
A note to reddit admins 
What's a British student's favourite drink? M.I.Tea
My friend's father is a Jew.... which makes him Jew-ish.
My transgender uncle is a superhero... We call him Aunt-Man.
Explain joke What do pigs eat? Mud pies
What does a cannibal without a kitchen eat? Raw men
"That's close enough..." ~Government worker
Teacher: "what does the fat cow give you?" Student: "Homework!"
So I was watching Fox News the other day
Alphabet soup Good for your vowels.
Three guys go to a bar They do pull-ups
Other than THAT Ms. Lincoln, how was the play?
What did the comedian eat on Easter? Hot cross puns.
Catwoman's full name is Catherine Woman.
Tree: Bark Dog: {leaves}
This subreddit. .
What is the most confusing holiday in Harlem? Father's Day.
How not to be funny. /r/funny
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poker face...
What do you call a dinosaur with herpes? ...a Cankersaurus!
What kind of shoes does a pedophile wear? White Vans.
What's red with seven dents Snow Whites cherry
So...A man walks into a bar and says... Ouch!
What did the Cherokee-Polish couple name their firstborn? Running Stupid
In the Philosophers prison... I shank, therefore you are not
How to keep a reader in suspense? [removed]
What's the official sports drink of the KKK? White Power-ade
This thanksgiving, Turkey is fighting back
Energizer Bunny arrested. Charged with battery.
What do fat chicks do in the summer? Stink.
Why can't you wear shorts in the Ukraine? Chernobyl fallout...
What do fish smoke? Seaweed!
How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheberg. Classic.
What do fish smoke? Seaweed.
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na.
What if you're a Gift Horse Dentist?
Canadian territory puns? Yukon be serious! I'm having Nunavut.
I wonder if anyone ever told Hitler "just be yourself".
You're like school in the summer... No class.
I wouldn't say I'm superstitious, just a little stitious.
I'm not the girl you should put on speakerphone.
A pop star who summons ghosts, AKA... Seance
What is a group of porn stars called? A Gaggle.
Why doesn't God like pizza? Because he doesn't exist.
See-saws are too tense...
I just invented a new word: plagiarism
Amazingly, this sentence contains all letters of the alphabet djkquvwxz
What does DNA stand for? the National Dyslexic Association!
Haikus are easy But sometimes they don't make sense.  Refrigerator.
Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
You never hear skinny people saying, "I'm just small boned."
Someone dumped in the urinal! It was real shitty!
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.
Are you alright? No, you are all left
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Observational humor isn't funny See?
Never have sex after getting a concussion. It's fucking confusing.
What did the mime say to his girlfriend?
What happens if you violate Reddit's content policy? [removed]
In Russia, Pokemon find you.
What is an Italian's favorite type of breakfast? *Serie-a*l
Free hugs* * having me let go will cost $10
What do you call an unusual rabbit? A rare hare.
Jokes What is a good bee joke
What do gay Japanese jocks give each other? Brojobs.
What idiot called them acquaintances instead of bud lights
I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.
Why can't a Mac sing? Because it's not Adele
why does snoop need an umbrella? for the drizzle.
What kind of bees give milk? Boobies.
Cauliflower is just ghost broccoli.
Where do sick boats go? The Dock
What's wrong with a broken alphabetizer? It's out of order.
"GO SPORTS!" -how I cheer for all sports
Who was the first underwater spy? James Pond.
If two Rednecks get divorced... are they still cousins?
I scaled Everest! And I give nicknames to fish.
Wanna hear my joke about pizza? Nevermind, it's too cheesey.
Entomology. It's Sci-ants.
Just landed at LaGuardia lol JFK
What did Satan name his new bar? The BeelzebPub
What's Moby Dick's Dad's name? Papa Boner
Don't forget to stop and Instagram the roses.
Once Upon a Time Is a brilliant series
What's worse than having ants in your pants? Uncles
If athletes get athlete's foot, what do astronauts get? mistletoe
What is the name of the bear capitol? Koala Lumpur
What's Santas favorite band? Sleigher.
What's E.T. Short for? Cause he's got small legs......
2+2=5 for extremely large values of 2.
Is your name Gravity ? Cause you're attractive.
Who invented minced meat ? A leper playing the guitar.
What happens when the fog clears in California? UCLA
Your turtle puns tortoise family apart
[Possible GOT Spoilers] What's Rickon Stark's favourite band? One Direction
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing... they fast.
Saudi Arabia hates Scooby Doo... But Abu Dhabi Doo!
What's small, gray, and came in little cans? Michael Jackson.
A scotsman walks out of a bar It could happen.
I just got laid ... off.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts
What kind of database does a Pokedex use? PokeMongoDB
A Nobel prize winner posts to Reddit... (Fart sounds)
Why did the fly fly ?
What's black on top and white at the bottom? Rape.
50% of analysis is... anal.
What kind of limes open doors? Key limes.
bill cosby's full name is "bill sinby over tanby"
I invented a new word yesterday Plagiarism
What's Emperor Palpatine's favorite kind of cheese? "Gouda, gouda..."
My uncle was a world-famous chainsaw juggler. For one show.
Wanna hear a funny joke? Womens rights.
What's the best month for dating? Sep-tinder!
Sometimes I enjoy my steak undercooked.. ...but that's rare.
What do you call an amorous vampire? A neck-romancer
What do you a Mars with water? Wars
Why aren't there many women on death row? Ladies first.
What's another name for dick pics? Junk mail!
Vin Diesel's full name is Vintage Dieselengine.
What's a Dungeons and Dragons player's favorite rap group? D12
I like my beer how I like my violence.. Domestic
I like most ancient cities... But I Constantinople.
Bluegrass music It's finger pickin' good!
where did alice go during the explosion? everywhere
Breadmakers Always looking to prove something.
How does a Mexican cut their pizza? Little Caesars
What family history website do rednecks use? Incestry.com
Person: "I hate geology puns." Me: "My sediments exactly."
Hipsters hate rivers. Too mainstream.
Where did the dog find her husband? At the Groomers!
What rhymes with Orange? No it doesn't.
What does a widow say when she wakes up? Mourning
just unrolled my burrito & now I'm having pizza
I'm not saying she's fat, she's just easy to see.
Why is Germany uninhabitable for cats? They have nein lives!
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poke-her-face!
What do you call a shirt you hate? *Cloathed*
Coming soon to the USA... #Mexit
Claustrophobic people are more productive... Thinking outside the box.
What do you call a man who's on fire? Bernie.
Reddit's attention span
What do you call a female clown? April Fools
Are you today's date? Cause you're 10/10.
My dad said "Do your chemistry homework, okay?" Potassium
Agreeable Caesar He came, he saw, and he concurred.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
"We never talk anymore." "I know. It's amazing!"
Being a racist zebra seems difficult.
I if I had a Gender for every... World war
Can a dinosaur tell a joke? You bet jur-ass-ic can!
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle? The polar bear.
Why is C afraid of D? Because DEEZ NUTS!
Why do women get periods? Because they deserve it
I just ate a breakfast of champions. There's. Blood. EVERYWHERE.
What do you call an ant from overseas ? Impartant
If you're unattractive, nobody wants to know that you're horny.
Sorry about all the typos lately, gays.
An Irishman walks past a bar
Why did the ant-elope ? Nobody gnu !
What do you call a jewish man? By his name
"Hey, checkout my butthole." - Cats.
What's easier to pick up the heavier it gets? Women.
Get your shit together,... or you will die, Aria.
What did the frog with the speech impediment say? "Thibbit"
What is Romeo and Juliet's least favorite fruit? Can't- elope!
Actor who had starred in almost every movie. Also Starring
What do you call immigrants in Sweden? Swede-ish
Not all men are stupid... Some are still single.
How do you say dinner in spanish? JOHN CENA
I have an L shaped couch... lower case.
Why are programmers so consumeristic? Because they're object oriented.
If you've seen one lion attack you've seen a maul
They Call this a condition... LOL Binge Eating Disorder. http://www.bingeeatingdisorder.com/
Reddit right now [deleted]
A guy walks into a heavy metal bar. ouch.
What do you call a camel with three humps? Pregnant
Siri, where are my pants?
I put the ogle in Google image search.
What do you put in an oragami gun? Paper clips.
When life hands you melons... You might be dyslexic.
-Are you single? -No, I'm an album.
* charges phone. Phone: wrong hole.
Where do books sleep? Under their covers.
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because fuck you
I failed the communism test. No Marx.
Whats the month people get most drunk in? Febrewery
What did adam say to eve? Let's save humanity.
When did mathematicians get their independence? March 14.
Where did Lisa go during the bombardment.. Everywhere
What happened to the blind circumciser? He got the sack.
What's the Mexican version of the Klan? Que Que Que
"Naked ladies!!" - art
Say what you will about deaf people
How did I get out of Afghanistan? Iran.
What's white and can't climb a tree? A refrigerator. Sorry.
How do you plant dope? Bury a blonde.
What French city always surrenders first? Toulouse
Perhaps Nicki Minaj just lost a series of bets.
Paddy needs to get his shit together
What do you call a disabled paedophile? A creepy crawly
What do you call a boat that won't float? Bloated.
What do Mexicans cut their pizza with? Little Caesars
What has 9 arms and sucks? Led Zeppelin
Best period joke ever .
Yeah... I think golf jokes are really sub-par.
I got accused yesterday of "plagiarism!!!" Their words, not mine.
No one can text faster than a pissed off woman
Careful what you wish for!
What do you call a Mexican without his car? Carlos
What's blue, and smells like red paint? Blue paint
Few disc jockeys ever graduate to horses.
*Puts on apron* *Places Pop Tarts on plate* *Removes apron*
Does anybody know whats heart does? Beats me
______________________ I'm drawing a blank here.
What is Error 619? When your kid sleeps in between.
Why is Vladimir Putin always Russian? Because he's never Finnish.
"Cool hand, Luke." - Darth Vader, enviously
What is Hitler's least favorite beverage? Juice.
Why don't lamps talk? They're antisocial lights.
What's brown and rhymes with "snoop"? Dr. Dre
I put the 'fun' in functional alcoholic.
Why don't sheep shrink when it  rains?
I'm getting a prescription for medical fellatio.
How do you confuse an idiot? 78.
What's a rapists favorite meal? Spaghetti-No's I'm sorry.
Still haven't found the manly way to walk across ice.
I used to be schizophrenic... ... but we're OK now.
Where is the Pokemon? Peek-a-chu!
Knock, knock. Who's there? Hodor. Hodor who? *Hooodoooor!*
What do peasants do in their spare time? They serf
What's long, green, and smells like bacon? Kermit's middle finger.
Hello everyone Where are u from?
Will glass coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
Remember ... Jesus died for your Peeps.
You can't spell 'jew' without the word 'ew'.
If Monday had a face, I would punch it.
What does Korean food taste like? Chinese food.
Why are there interstates in Hawaii?
What's the most common view of porn? In HD.
Where did bob go during the explosion? ...everywhere.......
Rest in peace David Bowie I love your knives!
I saw an expensive prostitute She gave me lobsters.
My friend Gav died of heartburn the other day Gaviscon
What did the mute kid say to his friend
Dark humor is kinda like food.... Not everyone gets it.
Kik you? Like what? In the face?
You know what I like most about people? Their Pets.
How do you make gold soup? You use 14 carrots.
Why do dentists like potatoes? Because they are so filling.
Not all that glitters is gold. Take, for instance, glitter.
My first escort... was a Ford
What do you give a sick microbe? Primordial soup
Interesting fact about Fight Club Your text post (optional)
Why should you never trust a noodle? Because they're in-pastas.
"I'm pregnant" Are you kidding "Technically yes"
Actually, I don't think you're dyslexic; just really, really stupid. 
What was the radioactive senior citizen's super power? Gramma Rays
Santa is on honeymoon this Christmas.
If quizzes are quizzical.... What are tests?
Bird flu epidemic or pun?
What did the Jew say to Kim Kardashian's booty? "Isreal?"
Your mom's so old, she's probably going to die soon.
Nothing warms my heart... ...quite like spontaneous combustion
J.R.R. Tolkien's full name is Jolkien Rolkien Rolkien Tolkien.
What do vegetables say when they go to party's? TURNUP!
What does every clean nose have? Fingerprints.
[at hairstylist] Make me look like I'm running really fast.
What do you call Shia LaBeouf's alter ego? Inertia.
Excuse are like cakes Fat people are full of them
What do terrorists say to their sister? H'Isis
What article of clothing is round and rubbery? Attire.
Reddit censorship is getting out of hand [removed]
What's a procrastinator's favorite punchline? I'll tell you tomorrow
Lil wayne becomes a comedian... Lol wayne
Which element is most likely to surrender an electron? Francium.
What do caves have? Echosystems. From my 9 year-old.
Why does your Penis bend? It follows a pair'o'bollock trajectory.
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. DRE
Sexually rubbing the wall until you find the light switch.
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon? "Tennish"
I can speak 10 languages. English and Binary
What is Chris Brown's new girlfriends' name? Beats Me
What grocery store does Charlie Sheen frequently visit? Rite Aid
I only like two things in my life. Boobs.
"Vodka, Sambuca, Tequila, Jager!" I'm calling the shots.
What's honey mustards least favorite holiday? Cinco de Mayo
Racist jokes... Go!
What time does Sean Connery show up to wimbledon? Tennish
What do you call a row of boxers? A punchline.
Whats Lil' Johns Favorite magazine? OK!
What game do little cows like to play?  Moonopoly.
A joke finally containing original content Original content.
What flavor do termites like best? Chair-y
Before sliced bread there was no greatest thing.
Celebrating Memorial Day by not romanticizing the military.
what if grass screamed when you walked on it
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit's finger
How do you blow square balloons? Blow square breaths.
Why are Black people so tall? Because Their Negros
There's something actionable in your pants.
What do kinky ghosts enjoy? Boo-kake
To Do List: 1) You.
Just a reminder of what day is today.. 9/11
What's a superheroes favorite narcotic? Heroine
What's the expiry date on plastic? [81](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/UYwYdFdoecA/0.jpg)
How does a Jew do the gardening? He moses lawn.
What is the richest beverage? Juice.
heres a joke your life
Men, of course we need you. Because, jars.
12 of my favorite anti-jokes
What type of shoes does a ninja wear? Sneakers.
What is white and disturbs your lunch? An avalanche
What is it that's red. Reddit.
When you get laid off. :(
What is gay pride? A group of homosexual lions
What is China's favorite ice cream flavor? Licorice
Knock knock. Who's there? April Fool day :)
Iran! why?
never trust a persom who speaks in absolutes
Q: What color is a cheerleader? A: Yeller.
Why did the dinosaurs go extinct? Because they were veloco*raptured*.
I was thinking about telling a Thailand joke... But Phucket.
Why Nissan Sunny? Is there Nissan Rainy?
What does the high elves call Gandalf? Methrandir
How do cows multiply? With cowculators!
What do you call a lesbian prostitute? A rug hooker.
Knock knock... The pilot, let me in!!!!
What's Hitler's favourite cany? Nazipan
I pulled the trigger on myself... now I'm triggered.
What does your s*** smell like? Freedom.
I just invented a new word! It's called "plagiarism".
Technically all panties are edible if you're ambitious enough.
Why was the snow yellow? Elsa let it go.
Tomatoes grow so fast. Other plants can't even ketchup.
TIL you don't actually learn something new everyday. Wait. Nevermind.
When do hamburgers most enjoy watching TV? During PRIME time!
The difference between me & normal people is the normal
Apparently the running team had a huge orgy Inter-racial relationships.
What does a self-conscious vampire say? "I'm going to suck.."
What do you call an Asian gold digger? Cha Ching
My ex girlfriend..
Irony Is getting pregnant on a pull out couch
Do cats stutter? No, but they paws.
What computer says "hello" A Dell
Strangers have the best candy.
Hygiene No my name is dad not Gene.
If Kanye West was an egg... ...he'd be over-Yeezy.
Where do sharks come from? Sharkago!
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang rape
What's a pirate's least favorite letter? A cease and desist.
I'm too young to be too old for everything.
What is a pedophile's favorite guitar chord? A minor
What's a Greek's favorite color of sky? Golden Dawn
Why can't Hellen Keller drive? Because she is a woman
This ceiling fan keeps knocking over my ceiling furniture.
Scientific name for Viagra Mycoxafloppin
A woman's favorite position is CEO.
Why don't we assassinate Kim Jong-Un? Because the North remembers.
What's Hitler's least favorite planet? Jupiter
FIFA Ethics Committee
How does Bob Marley like his biscuits? Wit jam in?
It all... The title says it all.
A great idea for Shark Tank Mark Cuban Cigars.
The best joke ever... ...Reddit's servers!
An Irish man walks out of a bar
What do you call an empty town after dinner? Desserted
"I made bank today." - Inarticulate Construction Worker
What idiot named him Spider-Man instead of Peter Parkour?
What do you call sex with a black person? Beastiality.
What is a Jedi's Favorite Italian Dessert? Obi-Wan....Cannoli!
MRW when FineBros start losing subscribers rapidly... *gets sued*
Developer accused of unreadable code refuses to comment
Who did Chris Brown mistook Rihanna for? Britney Spears
they can't date any hot chicks #SnowmanDatingProblems
What do you call a fat cop? A fuzz ball
What did sushi A say to sushi B? WASSA-B!!!
What do you call an owl escapologist? The great Hootini
A German joke... ...is no laughing matter
Your momma is so fat.... She ate the internet
How much does the Holocaust?
What cologne do engineers wear? Elon's musk
What do 0/10 little boys enjoy? Catholic priests
How do you grill sheep? With Samsung Batteries.
What does an elephant use for a tampon? A sheep.
No bullshit, if any color is unemployed, its maroon
Roosters are just edible alarm clocks.
What comes after fear but ends before sex? Funf!
What does a dyslexic Christian worship? Dog
Sometimes I tell my Then I laugh at them.
What does BMW stand for? Black man working
How did Christopher Columbus find India? He used Apple Maps.
What is the most popular ethnic snack among Programmers? NaN
What disease do police give black people? Glock coma
What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt, shithead.
The bartender fainted.
What do elves learn in school? The Elf-abet! 
What does rare chicken meat taste like? Salmonella
Tried to catch fog today... I mist.
Here's a joke My life
In soviet Russia, shop boys pet you! You're welcome.
What's black and white and red all over? Police brutality.
How do you disappoint a Redditor? [Fixed] [Reposts]
So a mexican says... Fuck weed, Legalize my mom.
What's baked everyday and sells itself? bread
Where does general keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Incest Fun for the whole family (probably a repost)
Baby, I would run into a burning building from you.
Who's the only living relative of penguin? His Aunt Arctica
What do you tell a worried guitar? Don't fret
There's no point to a dull knife.
I need a new bad decision.
What is the Hamburglar's favorite David Bowie song? Rebel Rebel!
What's your favorite preservative salt, vinegar, lemon? Mine's embalming fluid.
What does an r/frog say? reddit, reddit
What does Bill Gates call his manhood? Microsoft.
Feminists are basically Lesbians who don't want to admit it.
what's the difference between time and ronaldo? time passes
I just purchased Big Foot repellant. Er, sorry, a camera.
What do you call fake spaghetti? Impasta.
Virginity is curable.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
Sex jokes aren't funny I mean cum on people
BNAG! That's bang out of order.
Guys I need your opinion on this joke! David Cameron
My Memory Lane is now mostly traffic cones.
Sir, on a scale, How much do you weigh?
[filling out job application] Race: Barbarian
5 MINUTES & NO LIKES'? Well then... *deletes status*
Knock Knock* Who's there? Me open up.
What do you call a girl with a unibrow? Cuban
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? ...Dr. Dre
Pedophilia You grow into it.
What's a spiders favorite way to learn? A webinar.
Yuck: I do not recommend Volkswagen's new Meat Lover's Jetta.
Wanna hear a joke that ends in a cliffhanger? [deleted]
[NSFW][REALLY NSFW] I hate pedophiles... They're fucking immature assholes
If guns kill people, then spoons make people fat.
What is brown and sticky? A stick
How do you make the 12th man Happy? FIRE BEVELL
Why did the weather want privacy?  -It was changing
Where does the President keep his armies? In his Baracks
For Jesus this was anything but a Good Friday.
Sea jokes aren't for little kids. They're too salty.
What kind of cereal does Microsoft make? Wind O's
When is carotene going to get out of beta mode?
How'd your trip on the Titanic go? Swimmingly.
Why did the bike fall down? It was two tired
What is hard and six inches long? my pen is
What is mother-approved and child-tested? Coat-Hanger Abortions
What did Helen Keller say when her dog died?
Where does a shoulder work? In the army.
Pokemon? go fuck yourself
In Russian thanksgiving, Turkey shoots you.
Whats Dj Khaleds Favourite Jetski Brand? Kawasakey
Eternity The time between when you cum and she leaves.
Pepsi? Pep*no*.
What sound does an emo cow make? Amumu
What did C say to E? She wants the D.
I fucked a vacuum cleaner once... It sucked
Blondes What is a blondes favourite nursery rhyme? Humpme Dumpme.
What part of New York has the most feminists? Manhatin'
Do you have a Tex-Mex emergency? call 9-Juan-Juan
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt!
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife? Neither has he.
What the the electrician say to his buddy? Watts up?!
Who is the funniest tennis player? Djokovic
What's a three letter word for Hell? DMV.
"Reddit is a shopping website" That's what my sister said.
What do you call gay couple? TOGAYTHER
GUESS WHAT Knock knock who dere not robin williams
What's large, grey, and doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
When is a pepper annoying? When it's jalapeno face
When does Eminem leave school? Aftermath
What cheese does a piano princess eat? Mozart-rella!
What do you call an extraterrestrial cetacean? A Whalien.
What is Bart Simpsons' favorite kind of fish? Stealhead!
When the river runs red... Take the dirt road.
What do you call an Itallian hooker? A pasta-tuite!
Where do you put a hot dog? On a pun.
What does a gay horse eat? Heeeeeyy.
How does one think the unthinkable? With an iethberg.
Three men walk into a bar... One ducks.
What's a scientist's favorite shade of blue? Cyan-tific.
What is a ghost boxer called? A phantomweight.
Size does matter-just ask Pluto.
I'm not a perv... I'm a secret admirer
What do you call a rapper who's feeling bitter? NaClmore
What did one piano say to another? CBA
The Mods they are a joke !
why does snoop dogg carry an umbrella? Fo drizzle
So, a seal walks into a club...
Where do cows go for fun? To the moo-vies!
Hadron collider? I hardly know her!
Instagram makes me feel like the world's only employed person.
A man walks into a bar... ...and says "ouch"
What do you call an aborted Czechoslovakian? A cancelled Chzeck.
Facebook jokes are always Click Next to read more
My dog thinks I collect small bags of poo
Biology: The science of writing awesome bios.
Yo mommas so ugly... Scorpion says "STAY OVER THERE"
Why do lambs go to casinos? They love to gambol.
What do you call 2 medics? paramedics
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red Paint!
What do you call an attractive black mom? Chocolate Milf
What did the river say when coal barges stopped?
home alone: my favorite movie and also my hobby
If you can't pee, Urine trouble.
Hello from the other side Bye.
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet.
Why couldn't Batman go fishing? Because Robin ate the worms.
Panties ... ... are for pussies.
My wife's fanny smells like roses.. But rose's is tighter.
How does Bran Stark enter a brothel? With a Hodor
What starts with F and ends with UCK? Fuck
What's an "innuendo" ? An Italian suppository
What do you call an amphibian in disguise? Infrognito.
What does ISIS call wine snobs? Zinfandels!!!!!!
Cause of death: Very rough shirt tag
Whats brown & sticky? A stick.
How does a Nazi high five? Up heil, down low!
Good jokes about ebola will most likely go viral
What do gifted bakers take in high school? AP Flour
Holocaust jokes are bad Anne Frankly I find them disgusting.
Average jokes don't end how you think they... Median
(Corny)-What do you call a mermaid on a roof? Aerial
What do you call fake shit? Shampoo
I'm Google AMA
Harry, it's your baby Said Professor Umbridge
I just drank some honey wine I'm feeling pretty buzzed.
What's red, and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Why is poo tapered? So your arse doesn't slam.
The rotation of the earth. It really makes my day.
Who ruled France until he exploded? Napoleon Blownapart!
Two men walk into a bar. The third man ducks.
@realDonaldTrump the 1930s called, they said "great idea."
What do English pirates call each other? M80
If I'm lying but not wearing pants, what catches fire?
I just signed up for Comcast!
What's Nigel Thornberry's favorite band? The Smashing Pumpkins.
Maria Sharapova. True woman of substance.
Ethereal A breakfast suggestion from Mike Tyson
If you rape a hooker/prostitute... is that actually shoplifting?
What kind of car does a ghost drive? A boogati!
What word in the dictionary is always spelled wrong? Wrong.
How do you disappoint a redditor?
Avocados by Dre. $79.99 each.
My favorite tree died earlier. Now I have mourning wood.
Burritos are just tacos that are shy.
#wecanlandonacometbutwecant let a comet land on us. - Yakov Smirnoff
Why couldn't the Italian chef get into his restaurant? Gnocchi.
Fat chances are my favorite chances
The best contraceptive for old people is nudity. 
If men ejaculate semen does that mean women ejaculate sewomen?
Velcro. What a rip off.
Where is Wallace at? Where is his oscar nomination?
Rosa Parks her ass on the bus seat
What's black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener.
Which Russian leader is always farting? Putin
What do you call a fat Chinese man? A chunk.
What's a nuclear scientist's favourite food? Fission chips.
I like my science like I like my penises: hard.
The annual Procrastination meeting Has been postponed...
Knock Knock....who's there? SUPRISE MUTHER FUCKER!
Beer makes you stupid.... Budweiser too.
"Knock Knock" "Who's there?" "Grandpa" "Wait, STOP THE FUNERAL!"
I'm Finally Done Smoking My name was legally changed yesterday.
What do you call a broken angle? A rektangle
What's black and can't swim? A microwave oven.
Cancer isn't so bad It'll grow on you
Why don't lobsters share? Because they're shellfish...
I accidentally stabbed myself with a pen It drew blood.
What kind of investments do musicians make? Sound investments.
I was gonna tell you about anal But fuck it
Its easier to be friends with people online.
Camera Joke Nikon
Hair on the muff They are old enough
What do you call a thieving duck? A robber duck....
How does a tree access the internet? It logs on.
Shakespear's hip hop stage name Will.i.ambicpentameter
I was gonna make a gay joke. Butt fuck it.
What do you call a blood-thirsty optometrist? Macula.
What do you call a french organized crime detective? J'accuza
What do you call an egoistical sea animal? Selfish
I drive a 5 wheeler... But ones in the trunk
What do you tell a jew to shut up? Sssshhhhhh
What is harder said than done? Your mom
I hate tacos Said no Juan ever.
How tall are the twin towers? 9" 11
What kind of music do cows listen to? (dadjoke) MOOOOOsic.
BRAAAAIDS -zombie sleepover
What did the fish skeleton say? Long time, no sea.
Why did the H kill itself? because the G had
What do sea monsters like to eat? Fish and ships
What's a Mexican's favourite video game? Borderlands.
Brunos are from mars, freddies are from mercury
What do rabbits put in their computers? Hoppy disks!
I wanted to make a joke about Sodium, but Na.
Where do cowboys cook their meals? On the range.
What's a buffalo's favorite activity? Grazing.
I'm going to post an original joke on r/jokes.
How do they play basketball in Mexico? Juan on Juan
What's the best way to work your trapezius muscles? *shrugs*
I'll sleep when my iPhone's dead.
Dear Car Companies, Please replace glove compartments with toaster ovens.
What happened to Voldemort's face? Nobody nose.
Gravity 0/5: Worst Space Jam sequel ever. Literally no basketball.
What's the most popular religion for addicts? the Crystal Methodists
Do you know how to avoid clickbait? Apparently not.
What is a pirate? /t
Knock, knock. Who's there? Interrupting cow. Interup.....MOO!
How do you overcome tyrannical pancakes? U syrup 'em
All squirrels fly when you own a T-shirt cannon.
Never Marry A Tennis Player Love means nothing to them.
Non-Americans won't get this. Obesity
Beer foam is the opposite of memory foam.
What do you call Chinese woman with one leg? Irene.
*seductively tries to take off sock with his other foot*
The Neverending Story should've just been called Laundry.
I'd like to schedule a disappointment.
Professor X walks into a bar &gt;:)
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer.
What did 0 say to 8 ? Nice belt!
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? With Little Caesars
What is your favourite type of birthday present? Another present!
I paid $600 to get off once Damn court costs.
What is the most dangerous color? Sharktreuse
Worst Possible Baby Name: Adolf Judas Kardashian.
Mountains are not funny. They're hill-areas.
Today is a 10/10 day guys 10/10/2015
What was the name of the lumberjack in Al-Quaida? Osama-Been-Loggin'
Seeing your ex with someone uglier than you. Awesome.
How many people can ride on a bird? Toucan.
My girlfriend just told me, I'm sorry I am married.
What insect lives on nothing? Moths, because they eat holes.
What do you call a mouthwash for tiny scientists? Microscope
Remember that time I made that funny joke? Me neither.
Who let the docs out? Google. Google docs.
Apple Watches your money go into their pocket.
Everytime I play Monopoly I get this dad joke. http://imgur.com/bbMl41W
Come on, Grandma! Thank goodness for commas.
Crouching tiger, public toilet seat.
What is Snoopy's favorite Japanese dish? Snushi.
What idiot called it Oktoberfest instead of Octo-Bar?
I have benefits if anybody needs a friend.
"This is not a drill!" ~Guy holding a hammer.
What do you call a pessimistic melon? A cantaloupe
The existence of Hogwarts has never been proven false...
Upvote this if you're in North Korea! ....wait....
What does a priest get when he wants pussy? Nun
Internet Explorer
What do you call a camel without humps? Humphrey
What makes an ISIS joke funny? The execution
Baseball is wrong. A man with 4 balls cannot walk.
Obama see title
New idea for Mythbusters: Find an honest politician.
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife? He didn't either.
Exit signs. They are on their way out.
Two jews walk into a bar. They buy it.
Is that a booger in your nose? No, it's snot.
If there are 2 things I hate they're... Incomplete lists.
What do you call a female sex change? An add-a-dick-to-me.
What's the first place Dora explored? The mexican border.
How do clams communicate? A shell phone!
Once i thought i was wrong. But I was mistaken
What's a redneck's favourite vegetable? Pump-kin.
What was Bruce lee's favorite drink? Wataaaaah!
Who let the dogs out? Bitches.
What do pigs drive? Pig-up trucks!
Me: "I'm so lonely." Microscopic organism: "Wow, I'm right here."
How does a lobster answer the phone?  Shello?
What do you call a sexy Muslim A ji-hottie!
(: N poo Love, Australia.
What do you call a dead IS fighter WAS fighter.
What does a barista wear? A cap and chinos.
Don't move, I know what I'm doing. *takes a nap
I think i just found this ice cream cone's g-spot
I'm not racist People just disappoint me.
What driver doesn't have a license? A screwdriver
6.9 is a very good thing fucked by a period.
What do you call a Mexican baptism? Bean Dip
Who often shoots in the wrong direction? Clint Westwood
What time do you go to the dentist? Tooth hurty.
What kind of ears does an engine have?  Engineers
Why are churches never broke? Because Jesus saves.
What is a Mexican's least favorite nursery rhyme? Humpty Dumpty
Box wine? I prefer the term Cardboardeaux.
Why do people like r/citrus? It's sublime
Have you ever had Ethiopian food? No? Neither have they!
"AUGHHGGUAUGGHGHGHGHGGGGH!!!!!!!!" - killer wail
What idiot called them "Female condoms" and not Estrojans?
Velcro... That's a rip off
Remember when I pissed off Apollo? Those were dark times.
I've got an L-shaped bed. Lowercase.
What type of cancer is an anarchist immune to? Prostate
Why couldn't Hellen Keller drive? Because she was a woman.
Q: How does Al Gore spell potato? A: T-A-T-E-R.
Why was the pilot dying? Because he had terminal cancer.
Maintaining an erection: It's never been my strong point.
What's black and loves to destroy Baltimore? The Pittsburgh Steelers
You Can't spell ADVERTISEMENTS without semen between the tits!
Siri does the best Stephen Hawking impression.
Me and my recliner... We go way back.
Is it solipsistic in here? Or is it just me?
What comes after fear but before sex? funf
Where did the King keep his armies? In his sleevies!
What kind of a cake requires goggles to eat? Bukkake
A Man With No Legs Walks Into A Bar...
My friend is an anorexic atheist. He thin.
You know what's addictive? Heroin
You guys excited for Christmas? Only 366 more days :D
What do you do when a Chemist dies? You Barium.
Never assume anything but the position.
The Buddhist Mafia is called Karma.
Because you can't hang up in person. Duct tape,
Longest English word: 'pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosi' Longest Spanish word: 'GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL'
What do you call a Blind German? A Not see.
"Doughnuts. Is there anything they can't do?"
Here's an example of a cliffhanger
Knock, knock. Who's there? Disappointment.
Why are there no casinos in China? They hate Tibet.
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff.... Buh-dum-sch.
What did the banker use for birth control? His personality
Taming Wild Cats by Claude Face
What's bad about wetting your bed? Urine it.
Muhammad The police would be upon him
I tested positive for optimism.
So a dyslexic walks into a bra. . .
Been watching Sharknado. When did Tara Reid turn 60??
What do you call a bisexual vietnamese person? **Bi**ngo.
Where are you most likely to drown? *Deepends*
Where do literal dogs live? On the roof.
Who are the hamburgers favourite people? Vegetarians!
I drink to forget... my alcoholism.
What do you call a stupid beer? Daft!
What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre...
Whats the number one cause of paedofilla? Sexy kids.
What do single people call Valentine's Day? Independence Day
Steak puns... a rare medium well done.
What do you call a gay jewish man A heblew
A social gathering without food is called a "Don't."
Want to hear a joke? My username.
I like my coffee black... So it steals my fatigue.
I'm sexually attracted to biceps. Does that make me biceptual?
What do fat chicks do in the summer time? Stink.
Pinniped humor So a baby seal walks into a club...
What kind of key opens a casket? A skeleton key.
How do you keep an idiot waiting?
What's Irish and sits outside? Paddy O'furniture
2/1 people have multiple personality disorder
What's a one way streets favorite band? One Direction
Technical truths: according to chemistry, alcohol actually is a solution!!
Ask your doctor if left is right for you.
Rape jokes aren't funny... They're too forced.
What superheroes refuse to fight in North Carolina? The X-Men
The mirrors in my house have been pretty sarcastic lately.
What's the square root of sixty-nine? Eight-something!
Why was the feminist picnic so bad Nobody made sandwiches
Take my wife, Please!
Which type of soup is the heaviest? Won-ton soup
Periodic joke Do you have any Nitrogen Monoxide jokes? NO
If Donald Trump becomes President... there will be hell toupee.
How did spider-man reach the inner city kids? He web-slang
I'm pretty sober. But I'm prettier drunk.
What's Avagodro's favorite type of dip? GuacaMOLE
What do you call the fruit of Islam? Quran-berries
Weed. Nature's way of saying high
2000 pounds of crap music = 1 reggaeton.
Why do bulimics love KFC? It comes with a bucket.
Why did the boy eat his homework? His dog died.
Children are the gift that keeps on taking.
What do clouds wear under their pants? Thunderwear!
What's a Pedophile's favorite brand of shoe? White Vans
What's your favourite one-liner?
I hate dividing fractions. Flipping reciprocals.
What did the naughty rabbit leave for  Easter? Deviled eggs!
What kind of drugs do ducks use? Quack.
One More Hilarious Vampire Joke ...actually it sucks.
Knock Knock Come in.
"Mmmm Brians" - a dyslexic or gay zombie
What band does Santa listen to while delivering presents? Slayer.
Fidel Castro is dead Trump don't mess about.
How do you find a black person? Guilty.
What do they do to dead scientists? They barium.
Whats black and white and red all over? A [removed]paper
What do you call a horny priest? A firm believer.
why was the sand wet? because the sea-weed.
"Do unto others and stuff." (Lesser-known brother, Josh Christ)
Whats a Floridian hookers favorite drink? Sunny-D
Why did the Muslim comedian blow himself up? For Allahf
I love dead baby jokes. They never get old.
What's a porn stars favorite drink? 7up in cider
Ellen pao Punchline is in the title whoops
Channing Tatum's next movie... Magic Mike - Big &amp; Tall
My new years resolution........ Hopefully 4k 55''
What's orange and sounds like a parrot.. A carrot
Which burgers can tell your fortune? Medium burgers!
What did the laziest man in the world win? Atrophy.
"My lips are sealed." -Virgins.
What do get when you mix two breads? A hy-bread
I think I've figured out Dr Who's first name Guess
"With great power, comes great responsibility" - - Melania Trump
What should PMS be called? Ovary-acting
Best internet joke in a long time Frontier Communications
Car's favorite dance? Brake Dance
How long is a chinese person So is his brother.
Scientists find new way to measure pregnancy Placentage
How do Italians light their dynamite? With a fuse-illi.
I thought it was a booger... But itsnot.
What do you call a gangster Hobbit? Yolo Swaggins
Where do noobs live in Iceland? Rekt-javik
(Generic title that catches your attention) (Mildly amusing pun)
The cat's in the cradle....OMG. It ate the baby.
I need to burn 644,098 calories at the gym today.
What do young ghosts call their parents?  Deady and Mummy.
Took a window fitting course the other day. Smashed it.
How amphetamine addiction is called? Need for Speed.
What's Donald Trumps favorite juice? Orangu-Tang
Advent calendars Their days are numbered...
An unconvincing lie on a resume I good English speak.
There is one instrument I just can't stand.. The Sitar
What's the hardest thing about skydiving? The ground.
Whats a Plumber's favorite vegetable? A Leek!
*something awful happens* *checks if Mercury is in retrograde*
I haven't Seen my whole family since last year
Witty Vachan on Twitter, This is hilarious https://twitter.com/WittyVachan/status/636626830607282176
What do you call a greedy roman god? Jewpiter.
I like my jokes like my coffee bland
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur? A Lickalotopus
Shrodingers cat walks in to a bar and doesn't.
What do you call a pickled aardvark? A jarredvark!
Dick Van Dyke's real name.. Penis Van Lesbian
what type of meat does the pope eat? nun
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? Ba na na nas
Guys, I just found a BUNCH of Mohicans!
Yo mama's so ugly, she made a blind kid cry.
What is Bill Cosby's arch-nemesis? Smelling salts.
Why is it called cat nip and not meowjuana?
Two peanuts walk into a bar... One was a salted.
There's no recipe in this world that raisins can't ruin.
Does this subreddit like jokes about sodium? "Na"
"Say hello to my knitted friend!" -Scarfface
"I'm great in bed" ~ breakfast
Sex ed. It's the in thing.
WHY DID YOUR MUM ASK FOR FOOD? Edward Macaroni fork
what's the longest word in a black man's dictionary? sheeeeeeeeeeeeit..
My favourite gymnastics move is the double cheeseburger.
I bet a crowded elevator smells different to a midget.
What's grey and bad for your teeth? A hammer.
What is Beethoven's favorite fruit? Ba-Na-Na-Na!
"Creation science" has the same intellectual heft as "dragon anatomy".
Damn Pedophiles... Back at it again with the white vans
Why did tomato blush? because it saw the salad dressing
What's brown and gurgles? A baby in a casserole
What is Fetty Wap's favorite time? 5:38 PM.
What a group of musical chemists called? Butane Clan
What was Whitney Houston's favourite kind of co-ordination? Haaaaannnnndd eeeyyyyyyeeeeee
What's red and bad for your teeth... a brick
Why can't an orphan play baseball? It couldn't find home
Heard the one about the corduroy pillowcase? It's making headlines.
What's a pirate's favorite Antivirus? Avast.
What's the worst hereditary disease? Cousins
What instrument do skeletons play? A trombone!
What do you call a cold cafe worker? A burrrista.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
What do you call a cheating wife? a Jenny
To /r/news China just called, they want their censorship back.
Donald Trump? Donald Trump
I'm not superstitious, I'm just kindastitious!!!
What comes after 69? Mouthwash.
why do women fake orgasms? because they think men care.
What's a holocaust survivor's favorite movie? Gone With The Wind.
What's Brown and sticky? A stick
 Metric dollar.
Who manufactures Quidditch balls. Wilson. J.K. Rawling
Why did Hitler kill himself? He saw his gas bill
What is the strictest part of a ship? The stern
What is Michele Obama's favorite vegetable? Barack-oli
What do you call an angry German? A sauerkraut
Someone is watching you... And his name is John Seenya!
Twitter. Or as I call it: Sinterest.
What is the most racist type of bread? A biguette
"Be there in 5." - liars
I'm wearing that smile you gave me 
What's an owl's favorite subject? Owlgebra
What has 4 wheels and flies? /u/IDrewTheDuckBlue's car. [Credit.] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/3ez4sp/just_drove_from_california_to_illinois_with_a_fly/)
[OC] Time heals all wounds.. Unless you re a haemophiliac.
Why don't kleptomaniacs ever get puns? The take everything, literally.
Be smart because you won't be pretty forever.
What video game does hitler play? Mein craft
What do gay horses eat? Heyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!
Girl, are you some good weed? because you smell dank.
Who was the heaviest of the Pharaohs? King Two-ton-khamen.
What do you call a gay Irisham A Gaelic
What's brown and Rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre.......just kidding.....poop
What's a transvestite's favorite candy? He/she's kisses
Why is peter pan always flying? He never lands.
What's the best version of Microsoft Office? Microsoft Office 36543
Whatever happened to Robot Jones? He got cancelled.
Prince: the artist formerly known as. . . . alive.
Really whenever I get up is "too early."
There's a spider on my calculator. Must be an arachnerd.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasaurass
What type of skiing do Jews prefer? Shlalom
Deceitful atoms.. Never trust an atom... They make up everything.
What state has the best small sized soft drink? Minisoda
Murdered for immortality. Received life sentence.
When the devil loses hair There will be hell toupee
What's a neckbeard's favorite color? M'genta
What do you call an agreeable neighbor? ....a yaybor.
Who makes the best photo bombers? Muslims
Why do we rub ourselves To rubadubdbub
Why does Arnold Schwarzenegger kill insects? Because he's an ex-terminator
What do you call pasta with alzheimers? forgetti
The DUMBSQUAD ft. Fern a.k.a DefyingReaper77 (The Funny Life, SECOND)
Black Fridays Matter? All Fridays Matter.
The Bible TL;DR
*Walks in late to dinner* I see fed people.
Surprise your partner in bed by dying in your sleep
Black people are human beings.
What peanut butter do total dicks eat? Schmuckers.
Engineers are sexual intellectuals or in other words... Fucking know-it-alls
What sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
Jesus was the original crossfit.
Book about skeletons? **SPINE**
The Revenant was... Grizzly.
What's a Jewish Person's Favorite Time of Year? The Challah-Days
If life gives you melons... get a good sports bra.
What is a pedophiles favorite part about Halloween? Free delivery.
I'm a terrorist because i killed the joke
Guess what my Valentine gave me? Carpal Tunnel...
Pedophiles Are fucking immature assholes
I didn't fall for you, you f*cking tripped me
How do you drown a hipster? IN THE MAINSTREAM! Hahahaahhaahhaahha
Where did Suzy go during the bombing? Everywhere
Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
Donald Trump Finally something worse than Twilight
Why can't you hear Django coming? The D is silent.
I've got a chicken proof lawn It's impeccable
September just ended... Someone should wake up Green Day.
Whos the best jewish cook? Hitler.......
I love kids. When they're adults.
DESPERATION is exactly what I look for in a woman.
What do you call a Filipino contortionist? A Manila folder
"FREEZE! NOBODY MOVE!"  Mother Nature
What's up with gay analysts? They anal-ize.
What do you say when it's snowing? Winter is coming.
An Irishman walks into an AA meeting. Just kidding.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
The 8 fell over and stayed there for infinity.
Let's get naughty and save Santa the trip.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur. Licktalottapuss.
A man tried to find a restaurant using Apple Maps
How do you address a Black Farmer? Through his owner.
Who's the best detective in Mexico? Sherlock-Holmes
I found out about you from my last nightmare.
Can Bernie Sanders recover? From his devastating win in Michigan?
What is the fastest cake in the world? Scone.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? a rip off.
How does Hitler like his steak? Nice and Jew-cy.
There is a fine line between public and pubic
What's green and then red? A frog in a blender.
Ugh, I'm still writing 2009 on all my ransom notes
What do you call introverted hobbits? Shyer folk
Why does Harlem have so many trees? Public transportation.
What's green and smells like red paint? Green paint.
The Greatest Detective Stories Ever Told  by Watts E. Dunn
I'm the Nokia phone in a room full of iphones
Is Yoda's last name Lay-he-hoo?
Girls, get your abortions NOW in case the Republicans win
What's a Grecian Urn? Nothing, they're bankrupt.
"My imaginary friend is better than yours!" ~ religion.
"Another day another dollar." - African kids
Honey! I'm pregnant! Hello pregnant, I'm Dad.
What is the difference between snowman and snowwoman? snowballs
LinkedIn is a terrible dating site
Improve Your Target Shooting by Mr  Completely
Why do Russians like pho so much? It's So-Viet.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? Because they taste **funny**.
What's a Social Justice Warrior's favorite math course? Triggernometry.
What's 7 inches and makes women submissive? A knife.
Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to spice up his steaks.
What's the perfect line of work for a lizard? Re-tail.
A haiku about my love life... Hahahahaha Hahahahahahaha Hahahahaha
What's Robin Hood's favourite font? Sans Sheriff!
What is Niglish? You're an asshole. Just go away.
What does an aardvark keep in his aquarium? An aard-shark!
"Aloha, a bar," said a struggling alcoholic ex-Muslim in Hawaii.
Windows 10 rollout
Yo momma is so fat [deleted]
Two peanuts were walking down the street one was assaulted.
What kind of bees produce milk? Boo'bees
My Sex Life
I have trouble even monotasking.
Q: How does a stereotypical blonde spell Farm? A: E-I-E-I-O.
A will is a... ...dead giveaway.
What has four legs but isn't alive? A Dead Dog
Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Want to hear a joke about Sodium Hypobromite? NaBrO
I admire male porn stars... They're always hard working
Whiteboards are remarkable
What's a snakes favourite TV program ?  Monty Python!
What's Irish and stays out all night? Patty O'Furniture.
How come north Carolina is the bluest state? Raleigh scattering
I think I'm done clapping for stuff. It's enough already.
What do you call a sleepwalking Nun? A Roamin' Catholic!
Why Can't Dinosaurs Clap. Because They're Dead. :)
What's the fastest way to send a rabbit?  Haremail.
What is Michelle obama's favorite vegetable? BARACK-OLI
What's white on top and black on bottom? Society!
What do you call a medieval dentist? A plaque doctor.
What do you call a riot in Baltimore? Target practice.
Why did the insomniac get arrested? He resisted a rest.
/r/jokes won't get this Original jokes
What's under the Pillsbury Doughboy's apron? Doughnuts
What do Islamist extremists eat for breakfast? French toast
You know what's stupider than a cow? Two cows.
what did the biologists call their basketball team? The Hemoglobin-Trotters!
I like my beer how i like my violence Domestic
I'm not racist! I have a colored TV.
what has three legs and a cunt a drum stool
Adblock can't melt Ellen Pao.
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? Elton John.
Concussions are like pineapples: what was the question.
i wonder if china has fancy plates called america
What math classes do gender studies majors take? Triggernometry.
What people travel the most?  Romans.
Why was the janitor late? He overswept
What do bees use to do their hair? Honeycombs!
Me: I'm nauseous. WebMD: Stop looking in the mirror.
Uuhhhhckkk. Pants are the worst.
Beltway Holdups
Why did the Russian man get food poisoning? Because NE-coli.
What phone networks do Jedi's use? Yodafone
A fish swims into a wall. It says damn!
I like my coffee like I like my women... Drunk.
Pikachu used racist comments It's super offensive!
What color is ice? Hielo.
How often do I tell chemistry jokes? Periodically
What do organic mathematicians put in their fireplaces? Natural logs.
Knock knock. Who's there? Doctor. Doctor Who?
Twin Towers [removed] I'm going to hell for this...
What do people typically get at Whole Foods? Ripped off.
What comes after Brexit ? BREICH
Why do tectonic plates wear diapers? Because they're in continents.
I'm emotionally constipated... Haven't given a shit in days.
I can't believe I shaved my toes for this
How many pushups can Ryan Gosling do? All of them.
So many weirdos, so little internet.
I like it when people complement me on my grammar
ONE-LEGGED PEOPLE Q: Where do one-legged people eat? A: IHOP.
Funny joke. TheFineBrothers.
Name a famous robber! Cops!
What is Blizzard going to call StarCraft 5? SCV.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
An alzheimer joke (sorry if this is a repost)
What is the opposite of a Predator? a Postdator
What do homeless people eat for breakfast? Cardboard-hydrates
Apparently my friends think I'm paranoid. I fucking knew it.
Whatever happened to silk underwear? A: Fell through the cracks.
Always tweet as if your unfollowers are watching.
What is important in relationships? Reflexivity and transitivity.
What is green, and then red? Frogs in a blender.
What did a constipated Watson tell Sherlock? No shit, Sherlock.
What's snoop dogg's favorite time of day? High Noon.
What's six inches long that women love? Folding money.
I feel like Trump is like Hitler Terribly misunderstood.
How does a dog catcher gets paid? by the pound.
Who's in charge of all the liquid measurements? The liter.
Ryan Seacrest and Ellen Degeneres are the same person. #fact
I hate sausage puns. They're the wurst.
Hey baby I put the sex, in dyslexic ;)
Why did Pavlov have extra soft hair? Classical conditioning
What type of bees don't die? Zom-bees
did you hear about the circus fire? it was intense
What do stoners ride to school? The cannibus
Hope you guys like clean humor videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNt-aTq0hxM
When a clock is hungry... it goes back four seconds.
I'm the man putting sexy... .... back into dyslexic.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was assalted.
Why was the accountant constipated? He couldn't budget.
What do you call a Chinese orange? A Mandarin
What's long, black and smelly? The unemployment line.
How does a jew make coffee? Hebrews it..
What is going to replace ObamaCare? Don.T.Care
I don't call it stalking I call it checking up
Peeing with a boner... It's hard.
This election year I vote for Seroquel Because I'm Antipsychotic
Referees at the Lions-Seahawks Game
What kind of dog can do magic tricks? A labracadabrador
What is the difference between snowmen and snowladies? Snowballs
What do you call a well hung black man? Dead.
Need to save money on car insurance? Flee the scene.
Statistically speaking... 6/7 dwarfs aren't happy.
What cereal do impotent men eat? Nut-N Raisin Honey
How do they make bras for octopi? With suction cups.
Want to hear a good comeback story? Brokeback Mountain.
What do you call a promiscuous egg? Humped-me Dumped-me
Desi vedio jugar of india jugar india ka
What's the best language for jokes? Punjabi.
What sound does a dead cow make? BOOOOOOOOOO
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
Um, my eyes are up here. -giraffes
The man who discovered copper died penniless.
My mind is made up... I'm Frankenstein.
Accidents happen everyday... You were one of them.
What do you call a constipated detective? No shit sherlock.
What was the first profession to go all digital? Proctology.
What's Canada's intelligence agency called? The C.I. Eh
9/11 was an outside job... ...until the planes came in
"Snowmageddon"? We can do better, Twitter. #SnowCountryForOldMen #ISnowWhatYouDidLastWinter #SnowMommaFromTheTrain #Snowverfield
Q: What wobbles as it flies? A: A jelly-copter.
Every time I consider being healthy, I remember pizza.
So a baby seal walks into a club... _
How do blind doctors deliver babies? With a can't c-section.
What Came First... The chicken Or the furry?
Just laid an egg. Very worried
I'm giving "Up" DVDs for Lent
What's most jewish of all reptiles? The MOSESaur!
You shouldn't buy so much Velcro... It usually a ripoff
I only eat "indie" breads. I am a Naan-Conformist
Do you know any jokes about Sodium Hypobromite? NaBrO
What do you get with breaking news? Newscasts
What does snoop dogg use to wash his clothes? BLEYOTCH!
French rifle for sale. Never fired. Dropped twice.
A trans guy walks into the bar He passed.
What's a Brit's favorite baked good?  cake.
What did the Belgian Nazis call themselves? The Waffle S.S.
I love whiteboards They're remarkable.
What's a pirate's favourite game? An arrr-pg
Boats don't sleep. They wake.
Gunshots Or fireworks?
"That's so raven." - bird watcher
the karate policy at this nursing home is bullshit
For each like, I'll take a shot on New Years...
Maybe just don't throw stones in any kind of house.
"Don't kid yourself." - birth control
What kind of wine does ISIS drink? White Infidel.
How do you steal a coat? You jacket
What's green and not heavy? Light green
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business
The Greatest Joke of our generation #blacklivesmatter
You know what I dread? The long hair of Jamaicans
How do sharks like their steak? Whale-done :)
Where do gay fish live Aqueeriums
What gives milk and has a horn? A milk tank!
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Licalotapus.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
What's the most common illness affecting neckbeards? M'laise.
What do you get when you burn Baltimore? Baltiless
There are two kinds of people: Those who can count.
How do you cure a nymphomaniac? Marry her.
What is a uppercase 'i'? Pointless.
Dinosaurs probably spelled Tuesday, 'Ptuesday'
I changed my iPod's name to "The Titanic". It's synching.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days
Why do mushmelons always have traditional marriages? Because they cantaloupe.
What is the national vegetable of Germany? *Michael Schumacher.*
My wd-40 can rusted. It was irony.
Ode to Joy. What's Beethoven's favourite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NAAAA.
Ask me if I'm a truck. No.
You shouldn't be ashamed of yourself That's your parents job.
Gas is so fracking expensive these days.
"Expires 4/2013"??? What a boring-ass Snapple Fact
Two can dine... if we 69
Help me out, I don't know any white jokes
Gay people, man. They're confused... ...and not thinking straight
I'm a pedophile Just kidding
So the Irish are pissed... ...drunk. ... Yeah.
A man walks into a bar....... Says 'ouch'
What do you call a Mexican Super Saiyan Fajita
I just got back from Paris It was a blast.
An Irish man walks out of a bar.
First Executive Order: All pornstars must now be blonde.
trained zebra no video see the benefits of training
What do you call 2 people with identical penises? Doppelwangers
Humans are bad at being basketballs.
Where do crows go to have fun? a crowbar!
A joke my father told me...
What do you call a person without a son? per
A woman got complimented for her driving...
My sphincter is a lumberjack. He cuts logs in half.
To all of the dyslexic population of Reddit: **UNTIE**
Problem gambling? Bet you can't quit.
Incestuous relationships often involve a aunty-climax
How do Dolphins live their lives? With a porpoise.
What is a Honeymoon salad? Lettuce alone.
Cells multiply by dividing.
How do you make a hormone? Refuse to pay her
The Sun's probably Asian.
Constipated people don't give a crap.
What is Beethoven doing right now? Decomposing.
Most drug-sniffing dogs refuse to admit they have a problem
German sausages... are the wurst.
If contraception is birth control... ... abortion is birth control-alt-delete.
Guys Stop Telling Period Jokes They are not bloody funny.
Never trust Atoms They make up everything
North Korea declares war.
What did the baby computer call his dad? Data!
(Blows you a kiss with chip crumbs hitting your face)
I'll sell my broken watch when the time is right.
What country has the shittiest beaches? India.
Dyslexics are teople poo
Mobius strippers... never show their backside.
Jokes What do pigs read
Nobody should regret anything that made them smile.
Why was the Amish girl shunned? Too Mennonite.
What do you call an ex-Muslim? A Waslim
Life is like a penis. Sometimes it's hard.
What US city has the dirtiest waffles? San Diego
Bad news... Apparently "bouncing baby boy" is just an idiom.
What's the Hitler Youth's favorite weather? Heil
What does a Gorilla learn first in school? The Apey-cees!
What do you call a rich Asian? *Cha Ching!*
2 men walked into a bar The third one ducked
I can't STAND Shigesato Itoi... that Mother fucker.
Why does Snoop Dog always carry an umbrella? Fodrizzle
What's the only thing that doesn't make Hilary suck? Bill
"I literally died." - white girls in heaven.
How do tiny Mexicans cut their pizza? Little Ceasars
What type of music do astronauts love? Neptunes!
I have a friend named Dick... He's mentally richarded.
This day is medieval... Because it's a dragon.
R.I.P boiled water. . . You will be mist.
What type of condom does Spock use? Vulcanized rubber!
I'm not fat! My DNA's just bold font.
My wedding will be open casket.
Needles What are dull needles good for? Nothing, they're pointless.
Why are black people so tall? Their knee grows
What is a pedophile's favorite part of Christmas? Stalking stuffers.
50 shades of grey = my Liver
That Mona Lisa... She's no oil painting, is she?
How do hipsters talk about shoes? [...](http://imgur.com/yzelyVT)
What's green and empty? Orville's arsehole
What do you call a black and white bra? Zebra
Fox News knows we can google stuff, right?
Do deaf people have a right to a fair hearing?
Describe Windows 10 with two words. Vista 2.0
Pigs What is s pig's least favorite game
Cinco de Mayo means five of mayonnaise in Spanish.
The greatest joke in the world. My Life.
How do you find a dead body? Download Pokemon GO.
What's the most logical country? AND OR a
How do you contact a cross dresser? Shemail
What did Ryan Lochte name his Gold medal? GoldiLochtes
Astronauts favorite hangout The space bar
What kid of music do old people listen to? Hip-Pop
everyone on the saturday night live thing pronounced it sarynyelive
What's the worst thing about owning a dildo farm? Squatters.
I am so bad at self-deprecation
How does raw chicken taste? Fowl
What type of overalls did Mario wear? Denim denim denim
to all the people in Australia o
Whats the leading cause of pedophilia? sexy kids
Girl, we can play zoo..and you can tame my monkey
Relationship status: I get the remote to myself!
Her eyes were the color of paint
I have an Asian cat. Her name is Mi Yao.
Gay jokes aren't funny... ...cum on guys
I've got a joke. The U.S. election system.
What did the Mexican say to the Italian? Que pasta?
Whats long and black? The unemployment line
"WHOM WHOM WHOM"-owl that never gets invited to parties
What's the opposite of critical thinking? Critical theory.
The Steel Band by Lydia Dustbin
May the f... ...orce be equal to mass times acceleration.
"Long story short" makes your story three words longer.
"No more Mr Nice Guy" ~ Mr Nice Guy's eulogy
What do you call stuffing an orifice with chilies? Jalapenetration.
Sometimes I drink water to surprise my liver
You found poison in his stomach? But he HATED poison!
What did the vegatable say to the fruit? Turnip
What sound does a Chinese doorbell make? Ching Chong
Guess I should've left.."Guest appearance on Cops" off my resume
TIFU by not posting in the correct subreddit.
Why can't T-Rex's High Five? Because they're all dead
Hey chubby dudes rockin' tight polo shirts. Nope.
My dogs wouldn't pee this morning They didn't do squat
Autocannibalism is self-serving.
What do Africans eat for lunch? Ebola soup
Let's make it weird. Dont worry. I'll start.
50 cent files for bankruptcy He only had 50 cent
Sometimes i ponder In what position was i concieved?
Which tornadoes are the most refreshing? F5 tornadoes.
Where do suicide bombers go where they die? Everywhere.
Here's a long joke.. Trumps candidacy
COP: Freeze!!! EXCEL: LOL no problem
I'm so sick of gravity! It's really brining me down.
''Dyslexic man walks into a bra''
They finally replaced the old clock It's about time.
Theres an egg on yor head... Only yoking.
Click for the joke The joke
Honk if you hate noise pollution
What is the temperature of a ton-ton? Luke warm
What's the worst thing about Fridays? Realizing it's only Tuesday.
How do college students exercise? By swimming in their debt.
What do you call a gay midget? Sweet and Low
What celebrity is most likely to stab you? James Blunt
Allow me to brighten your day :) http://imgur.com/gallery/6QOgr
What do you call an Islamic cow? A Mooslim
Best Joke I know Reddit on April fools' day.
A new gay dinosaur has been found Megasaurass
What idiot called it jousting and not poker knight?
How do you tie two half ducks together? with ducktape!! 
"No crackers in bed!" - Racist black parents
A pencil isn't as phallic as a pen is.
What do you call bread baked in the south? inbred
What's green and eats nuts? Syphillis
Clue is a wonderful game that teaches children about murder.
How do you organise a space party? You planet!
How do you organise a space party? You planet.
Man draws fire for arson attack on art class.
Did you hear the one about the lazy redditor?
A landscaper's favourite musical genre? Mow-town.
Upgrade your weekend: Take Monday Off...
Adding Up by Juan & Juan
Which fictional lawyer has he smallest penis? Fatticus Inch
Knock knock Who's there? Allah. Allah who? Allah who akbar!
What does Popeye use to toss his salad? Olive Oil.
Why are there no cats on mars? Curiosity.
Rats are under rated. Just check your dictionary.
I threw caution to the wind.caution is my little brother.
Are you dylsexic? Probably.
Did you hear about the comedian terrorist? He was Jihahahadist!
My eyesight is good, but my strongest sense is non.
2 peanuts walk into a bar... One was a salted
What are the rough parts of Italy called? The spaghetto.
Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar... followed by Batman.
Is your name WiFi, because I'm feeling the connection
Why is 77 better than 69? You get eight more
What's the worst part about eating vegetables? Swallowing the wheelchair.
One thing I like about Facebook... It's my space.
What kind of a friar loves philosophy? A deep friar.
Never trust an atom. They make up everything.
Sometimes, when I'm bored, I tell my mother-in-law to relax.
If life give you melons... ... you might be dyslexic.
Remember to keep the 'inmate' in 'intimate' by getting married.
What seperates man from animal? Divorce!
Oh, you're a ceiling fan? Name three ceilings.
Have you heard of probability before? The student replied, "probably"
What do you call an angry Korean physicist? A seoulenoid
Civil War Jokes? Most of them are General-Lee stupid.
Farting in the steam room was a bad judgement call.
Why do Gay guys wear condoms? To play star wars.
What tastes good on pie, but not on pussy? Crust.
Whats white and likes to shoot? Kevin Nash
Two guys walked into a bar... The other guy ducked.
"Yogurt!" Gurt: "Yes?"
Cow with a twitch, beef jerky.
Once you go black you never go back... Fuck.
Jokes about women's menstruation aren't funny. Period.
red (political majority) white (racial majority) and blue (militant majority)
What lies in a pram and wobbles? A jelly baby.
Kalimba - Tocando Fondo bacan la cancion
I lost 100 pounds. Getting mugged in Europe.
I can't believe I used to talk to people.
Life on mars found... To be unlikely.
What does Miley Cyrus eat on Thanksgiving? Twerkey!
What do confused owls say?  Too-whit-to-why?
Chuck Norris' chest hair has chest hair.
Three german soldiers... ... Walk into a BAR.
Explain joke what do cows eat? le-moo-ns
When it comes to stalking, I'm right behind you.
What do you call a skinny feminist... Photoshopped
What has a bottom at its top? A leg.
What does a witch enjoy cooking most? Gnomelettes.
What's the most racist letter of the alphabet? Not Z.
Karma is like 69: "You get, what you give
Whats the name of the arachnid playwright?
DOING NF NOW! ign OpticVpredz [x1] [xboxone]
What video game would Adolf Hitler play? Mein Kraft.
all pans are no-stick pans if you no-cook in them.
My favourite anti joke.
What's the best part of a movie? The climax.
50 notifications later and I regret commenting on your status.
I'm not only a workaholic, I drink at home too.
Where did the Muslim go for his sandwich? Aaaaaaaaallah Snackbar.
Are u alright? No I'm half left
What did Kermit eat after he got divorced? Pork Chops
Practice safe lunch... Use a condiment.
I wonder what hospitals do with all the foreskins.
What do you call a joke without a punchline?
What is a Rastafarian's favorite country? Yemen
How many light bulbs does it take to change people?
Men are like buses, they won't text me back.
Two guys walk into a bar... the third one ducks.
Amazon is selling used copies of 50 Shades....ewe
What's your body type? Mine is "giant gummy bear."
I still wake up hoping that class is cancelled.
Why can't America play chess? They are missing 2 towers
How do you count cows? With a cowculator.
What was Saddam Husseins favourite TV show? Despot Housewives
/r/shitredditsays
What makes a good Stalin joke? The execution.
I finally found out why OP never delivers!
America: We put the 'try' in country.
Real chemist never dies ...just stops reacting.
[Speaking at funeral] We made it guys it's Friday
What do you call Indian flowers? Patels [source](http://i.imgur.com/LXADoFR.jpg)
are vegans allowed to play Duck Hunt
Sedated, cheese-loving, Northern Ed Miliband... and Gromit.
Today punched man a me That was out of order
What's a Latin professor's favorite song? Hit the quam
Why did a pair of tomatoes play footsie? To-mate-toes!
It's too bad the meaning of life is 141 characters.
What street in France do reindeer live on? Rue Dolph
Costume idea: Dress up like milkshake, wait in the yard.
Dear middle finger, thank you for sticking up for me.
Don't beat your children... Give them informative physical connections.
What is brown and rhymes with snoop dogg? Dr. Dre
Her: I have a marathon coming. Me: Ooh, which show?
What's it called when a hippy hangs himself? Tie-die
I had a pun about insanity.. ..but I lost it
January 20, 2017 The day America expires.
Why did the spanish man's boat sink? Ola
A rolling stone... somebody pushed it.
What did the redditor say to the other redditor? Yes.
What did they call Hitler when he swam? Adolfin
What do you call a smart ant ? Elegant !
"So, how's life in North Korea?" "Well, I can't complain!"
Two peanuts walking down the street... one gets *assaulted*.
"Wanna see a movie?" "Can't. Don't exist yet." "Shit." (1700s)
Who's the opposite of Christopher Reeves? Christopher Walken
Let's Play Communist Monopoly! Oh wait...
I have patio furniture in the friend zone.
If at first you don't succeed, it's called 'Attempted' Murder.
What happened when the Italian chef died? He pasta way
How good are you at powerpoint? I Excel at it!
Why do blondes wear underwear? To keep their ankles warm.
Knock knock... Who's there? Dunup Dunup who?
One night stand because my bedroom is narrow.
What can you use to fill your butt crack? Ass-fault
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? They taste funny.
What is a monkeys favorite candy? Rhesus species
I'm currently preparing for a role It's a cinnamon roll.
Which bird ran for President? H. Ross Parrot
What do you call a cowshed in Arabic? A Mubarak
How do your trigger a SJW? Oops.
God, I hate homeless people They make no cents...
Well, here goes nothing ...
My child's first name Is going to be look
E-cigs are fedoras for your mouth
What do you call a drawing of Ketchup? Sketchup
Something about everything sucks.
PSA: Don't get a cheap circumcision. Usually, it's a rip-off.
This is shit Said the winner of world anagram championship
What do you call tension in the percussion section? Druma
How do you annoy someone from r/Jokes? [deleted]
Died twice today Screw you daylight savings
Dad, What is your favorite music genre ? Elevator music
Why do Hutus hate Dustin Hoffman? He impersonated a Tootsie.
when Life teaches you a lesson make lessonade! im tired
Margins: they're so edgy.
I want Ebola... cereal
Brigadier Popcorn was recently demoted. He is a colonel now.
What kind of fruit always has a wedding_ A cantaloupe.....
What is a sorority girl's favorite type of cheese? Feta
Which chord do pedophiles like the most? A minor
Never underestimate a woman's ability to make anything your fault.
Q: How do French poodles greet each other? A: Bone-jour.
The latest research shows that... Research is pointless.
Where did the general put his armies? In his SLEEVIES!!!
[riddle] What's yellow and curved? What's yellow and curved?
What did Russia say to Ukraine? Crimea River
What do you call an Internet mystery? An e-nigma.
So a dyslexic man walks into a bra...
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon? Tennish
I saw Jesus going to the bathroom today. Holy shit.
TERRORISM ALERT!!! I'm gonna blow up the comments section
What do you call a naked Winnie-The-Pooh Pooh-nography
What is the dairy farmer's favorite exercise? Calf Raises.
My superpower is turning food and drink into larger pants.
"Good morning, Urology Department... Can you hold?"
This is not a dad-joke It's a bad-joke
What does a vampire call a hemophiliac? Diarrhea.
What do you call four mexicans drowning? Quattro sinko.
Canada is so sexist! Why isn't there a Womanitoba
Optimus Prime runs on AC current He's a transformer
Where do Muslim people go when they die? Everywhere
Who shot the sheriff in Jurassic park? DepuT- Rex...
Pizza Rolls are just Hot Pockets for midgets
My girlfriend has herpes Now it's ourpes...
My awesomeness, is second only to my modesty!
What do you call a male cow masturbating? Beef Jerky
Why do Texans duel at high noon? They distrust clocks.
How does a fencer earn their karma? Ripostes.
A person died laughing... This tale is told posthumously.
Clearly, there was once a dangerous alternative to Safeway.
Why did the chicken cross the road? Your mom xDDddd
I am suicide bomber AMA Wow this blew up fast.
What's white and flies through the air? The second cumming.
Asian women like riding short yellow *buses*. AKA asian dick.
I'm all "class". The first two letters really aren't necessary.
What weighs 20 times a North Korean? Kim Jong Un.
What dog takes the money and runs fast! A payhound!
No one J.D. should have all that power and associates.
What do the French call a bad Thursday? A tra-jeudi.
The Cleveland Browns Title says it all
I like my women like I like my friends Exploitable
How does Hitler separate his juice? By concentrate.
My swag dont stop cause my heelies keep rollin
What did the hobo get for Christmas? Nothing.
Knock knock Who's there? Not victoria
Why did the horse stumble? He was de-stable-ized.
Toddler tech support: "Did you try throwing it and crying?"
What do you call fast midget house cleaners? Minute maids.
I downloaded some hymns for my ipod New praylist.
What do Mexicans use to cut pizza? Little Caesars.
What's a skeleton's favorite dish? Spare ribs
What do you call a Filipino contortionist? A manila folder!!!
You can't change a person unless they wear adult diapers
What do gay horses eat? Horse Dick
What kind of bee can you milk? A boobie..
im tired of things costing money
Yo mama so poor... ...she can't even pay attention!
PitbullPhobia: An extreme or irrational fear of singing alone.
How do cows talk to each other? They cowmoonicate.
What does robbing a Scotsman get you? Kilt
Hard tacos are just soft tacos from the street.
why are fish good astronauts? They love trouter space!
I just invented a new word Plagiarism.
I think I'm agnostic, but I haven't decided.
What did Euler find in his toilet? A natural log
Who will put chick sexers out of business? broosters
chasing tornados is fun until you catch one.
So according to this BMI chart... I am too short.
Welcome to the church of vegetables... Lettuce pray.
Someone made a song about Pokeballs It was pretty catchy
What do you call a fake Chinese iPhone? A slanted-iPhone
Why do sharks hate clowns? They taste funny
What do you call a really bad sausage? The Wurst.
I will be learning Hebrew in Jew course...
Want to hear something really cool? Ice.
Why did the ghosts haunt the bar? For the boos.
How do you make a chocolate omelette? With Easter Eggs!
Trump wins the election
What do you call an old fruit-picker in Wisconsin? Cherry-atric
What does a priest get when he wants pussy? Nun.
How does Moses make his tea? He brews it.
Why do Java programmers wear glasses? Because they can't C#
Where did Sally go during the bombing? Everywhere.
What was Forrest Gump's password? 1Forrest1
How does Google clean their facilities? They use Google Mops.
What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit rollup
I have sex daily. Sorry, I meant dyslexia.
Where does a wealthy lady reside? A womansion
What do all Amish women want? 2 Mennonite.
It's black and hangs on a wire? A bad electrician!
What is Kanye West's least favorite holiday? Easter
Why can't leopards hide? Because they are always spotted!
The crossed eyed teacher... ...had trouble controling his pupils.
What do you call a snake on viagra? Rod!
Set the bar low And watch people trip on it
What's cold and scary?! I-scream!
make it happen."
What up Holmes? ~Watson
When in doubt, mumble.
What's a Polygon? A dead parrot.
What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEYE
Does Alfred masturbate? ... No he masturwaynes
A blind guy walks into a bar ***thud***
My local psychic closed down... ..due to unforeseen circumstances
Where do you buy Pikmin from? The Oli-Mart
What do you call a Mexican gondolier? Pedro.
My wife's resting in the garden. Well, at rest.
Whats the square root of 69? Ate something
Peeing with a boner is the hardest thing to do.
Christmas tradition.
What is censorship? [removed]
mirrors can't talk. and lucky for you, they can't laugh.
What will i do when i die? Idk!
Did you fall from heaven? Because you look like Satan.
What is nasal sex? Fuck nose
My stainless steel appliances double as police style fingerprinting kits.
What was Helen Keller's dog's name? Uuuuuueeeeuuuuhhhh!!!
"Imma let you spinach" - Kanye ft. Popeye
What is Heinz Guderian's favorite song? The Blitzkrieg Bop
Best/Funniest Pickup Line you used or heard
Keep scrolling, I got nothing.
What do you call a stable poop? Sturdy.
What happened when Jesus 'screwed' around? He got *nailed*.
My favorite sport is jumping into conclusions
Why was Joseph late to the meeting? He was Stalin.
"I feel your pane"- Guy walking into your window.
What do you call 4 lepers in a Jacuzzi? Oatmeal.
Fails drug test. Adds "Positive" Person to resume.
Mary had a little lamb... and the midwife passed out.
Zac effrons move flopped. Because he was afraid of 138
What do you call a phallic shaped potato? A dictator.
Sports fad invented by pigs: Mud wrestling.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
What's the shortest possible sentence in Canadian English? Sorry, eh.
I'd tell you guys a pizza joke, but... ...it's cheesy.
Putting random stuff in peoples carts. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYmoaJoyZTo
My age is very inappropriate for my behavior.
I know a lesbian... She really likes Mary Jane.
Scars are tattoos with better stories.
What is the #1 cause of paedophilia? Sexy children.
I like my coffee how I like my slaves. Whipped
The invention of the wheel started a revolution
A plateau is the highest form of flattery I'm sorry
What you call a black priest? Holy shit.
how i met you're grammar
If life gives you melons, you're probably dyslexic.
Racism is 1/10 But it's 7/10 with Tamir Rice
Want to hear a funny presidential joke? Donald Trump.
This joke isn't half bad... It's two thirds bad :D
What's the best thing about North Korea? The traffic.
I hate leaving when my phone isn't charged to 100%
What does CNN call back-to-back aviation disasters? Christmas in July
How did Hitler sneeze? "A jew!"
Why couldn't the mayonnaise kethup? Cuz he musturd.
What's the key to finding love? Rohypnol
Why is sex like signing-on? Both involve a log-in.
What are 8 Hobbits? One hobbyte.
What do ghosts order at the bar? Sam-BOO!-ca
What do you call a cow with a hysterectomy? Decalfinated.
I'm 23 years old Truly in my prime
Whats a bros favorite mexican food. Carne asuhdude
You're so ugly....even the tide wouldn't take you out
Life without geometry... is pointless
What do you call an invisible, cross-dressing dad? A transparent
What do you call a female manager? Miss. Management.
What do you call a smelly Hobbit? Frodor.
What is the opposite of Christopher Walkin? Christopher Reeve.
Why was the smurf's hat blue? Cus it was sad.
Your mother's so fat... she listens to Jimmy Buffet.
Why did the banker dump his girlfriend? He lost interest.
How does a coat steal something? They jacket
I became a banker. Then I lost interest.
What was the Rabbi's favorite frozen treat? Jew-lato
What is a punny play? A play on words.
I hate control freaks. They never listen to me.
Fuck Girls. I just wanna get laid... is redundant
What's a let down Chinese lobster called? A crushed asian
What's the most popular Internet meme in China? Ayy lMao
How did the frog die? He kermitted suicide. I'm sorry
What is Tumblr's least favourite show? NCIS
"Wetalian!" -Multiple Italians
Where does a king keep his armies? In his sleevies!
What is a ghost pirate's favourite letter? Boo! T
we are the animals that forgot we were animals
Relationship status: LOL
Have you heard the me neither joke? Me neither.
What do lawyers wear to court? Law suits!
If life was easy it would be called... Your Mom.
What kind of shoes do pedophiles wear? White vans.
Where do Sikhs buy clothes? Turban Outfitters
What is a Jamaicans favorite country to visit? Yeahman
Where does a King keep his armies? In his sleevies!
Whats the difference between a Snowman and a SnowWoman? Snowballs!
Who is The best Jewish baker? Adolf Hitler
*embraces diversity* Diversity: "I have a boyfriend"
What's a zergling's favourite newspaper? The Guardian.
If you love someone let them go down on you
What do you call a midget prostitute? A lowrider
How does a Muslim shut a door? Islams it.
Why was the paranormal convention cancelled? Due to unforseen circumstances
What is a racist's favorite seafood dish? Klu Klux Klam
Where do dock workers like to shop? Crate and Barrel.
How do you throw a party in space? You planet!
What's Irish and sits on your lawn? paddy o' furniture
How do you throw a party in space? You planet.
What do you call a laughing mayonnaise? lmayo ahh
Are Smurfs just a bunch of midget Avatars? #yeahimhigh
Enough with the bass jokes. Just drop it. wubwubwub
Why did the Jamaican go to Syria? To get stoned
What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowntain
What day was Doris Day born? Doris' day.
A cheese factory just exploded... There was de-brie everywhere
Let me drink about it and get back to you.
Why can't melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Did you hear about the circus fire? ...it was intents!
This joke is an oxymoron it's unfunny.
What comes after 69? A funeral
Why I dislike German sausages. They are the wurst.
My girlfriend likes golden meteor showers (I have kidney stones)
White smoke, Pope, Black Smoke, Nope.
What does a crook see with? Burglarize
This is a Tylenol conversation. So you can Aleve.
The way I see it, EVERY FRIDAY is Good Friday.. 
When life hands you women, make women laid.
I hate people who use stereotypes... They're usually hypocrites.
Entropy ...isn't what it used to be.
You look cute without glasses. my glasses.
Are we going the right way, Yoda? Off-course, we are.
Australian politics
Elephant circumcision... ...The pay's rubbish but the tips are enormous.
What u call a Jewish Asian? Japplebaum.
Never believe minotaurs... Half of everything they say is bull.
What did the bumble bee striker say? Hive scored!
sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium Batman!!!
What's the difference between Snow-men and Snow-women? Snowballs.
What is the most fascist letter? Not C
With grape soda comes grape responsibility.
Butter and Blonde
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck
Why are pigs such great football fans?  They're always rooting.
What do you call a starving parrot? A polynomial!
Make like a pea plant and go fuck yourself.
What type of Bee gives Milk? A BooBee!
A racist joke. Donald Trump
Why doesn't Dubai screen 'The Flintstones'? Because Abu Dhabi doooo.
One potato. Two potato. Three potato. Vodka.
What did the dog use to make his  kite? Flypaper.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
What does CPA stand for? Can't Produce Anything
My first post in this sub. Here goes nothing...
What's a pirate's favorite letter?
Is it just me or are there other personal pronouns?
What do you call an Egyptian spine adjuster? A Cairopractor
How did Moses make his tea? Hebrewed it
"Brace yourself." -lazy orthodontist
What's Peyton Manning's favorite hair style? The blowout
What is a jewish man's biggest dilemma? Free bacon
What do pirates use to copy files? Yarrrrrsync!
What kind of phone makes music? A saxophone.
People say I'm disagreeable They're all wrong
Sexually and mentally confused white bear Bipolar bear
Sex with homeless people is in-tents.
What idiot called it British conjoined twins and not chapstick?
Why is there only one Monopolies Commission?
I'm not racist but... racist people are.
Why do women fake orgasms? Because men fake foreplay.
What's a barista in France's favorite workout? A French press
Have you heard the story when the idiot said no?
My friend died doing what he loved most... Heroin.
Doctor I have a ringing in my ears. Don't answer!
A hard thing about a business is minding your own.
What do you call the Flintstones if they're black? Niggers.
What's green, sticky and smells like eucalyptus? Koala vomit
Q: How do astronomers organize a party? **They planet.**
Where do generals keep their armies? in their sleevies
Wanna hear a good one liner? 1 Dimension
What's the best drug to have sex on? Birth control.
How do jockeys stay on their horses? Jockey straps.
What kind of car do ghosts drive? BOOgatti!
What made the cable guy late? There was a cord-eal
I'm so hungry that I can eat a Centaur
What disease did the house have? Shingles.
What do you call Japanese people that fly planes? Pirates.
Kim Jong-un
What do you call a black mage? A Negro-mancer
I'm gonna open a bar and call it "Moderation."
I almost got raped in prison. I beat him off.
My innocent look never works in the nude.
Hitler favorite price? nein neinty nein!
What is a dog's favorite candy? Feces pieces
What sound does a doorbell make in China? ping pong.
What do accountants use for birth control? Their personality.
What was Romeo and Juliet's favorite fruit? Cantaloupe
I really hate being bipolar... ...it's great!
Conjunctivitis.com that's a site for sore eyes
I've Invented A New Word... Plagiarism.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite beverage? Wataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"Laughter is the best medicine" -doctor who failed med school
Dark Humor is like food not everyone has it
What fish is the most valuable? A goldfish.
It was the busta rhymes, it was the worsta rhymes
What do you call a white grandmother? A gran-cracker
A snake walked into a bar... ...and everybody freaked out!
What do you call a sexually active spaghetti? Fetishini Alfredo
Why does Reddit hate Pilipinos? Everybody hates Pilipinos.
What's a nature philosopher's favorite rap song? Thoreau some mo'
What should be Serena William's nickname? Tennis-ee Williams
Debra is short for Debrassiere
What do you call a funny fungus? A pungi.
What did a confused Mexican alphabet say? K
what is michael J. Fox's favourite beverage? a vanilla shake
So a baby seal walks into a club. The end.
Was Einstein's theory good? Relatively.
All Russian babies are born inside slightly larger babies.
What do you call an innovation in scissors? Cutting-edge technology
The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to Santa.
What kind of bat hangs upside-down? An acrobat.
Why don't you buy Ukrainian underwear? Because cher-nob'll fall out
Sweatpants are the uniform of eating ice cream.
My subaru wasn't working. How awd.
*gets bitten *becomes shy shy
Well-behaved is past tense for me.
TIL I am bad at reposting at the right subreddits
Why doesn't anyone like jelly donuts? They have fillings too...
What s a Muslim s favorite cologne? GERMANY!!!!
That deal's a sore dick.... Ya can't beat it!
This subreddit
Abortion, just brings out the kid in you.
What do you use to transport pittas? A flatbread truck
Here's a short joke.
For all of us singles out there... Happy Ballantine's day!!
Which is an Islamic trait? A.heading B.heading C.heading
What's long and green and smells like pork? Kermit's finger.
It'd be ironic if deaf people hung out in heards.
Never trust an anti-aging lotion that has an expiry date.
The NSA: The only part of government that actually listens
Masturbation
I just took the garbage out. In 3D.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS.
What's gray, disappointing, and in the shape of an oval?
I've always pictured myself taking selfies.
What is Asia's favourite sitcom? Everybody loves Ramen.
Why can Kylie Jenner see right through Caitlin? She's trans-parent.
Social life? You mean my phone?
I experienced a bad date September 11, 2001
You know who's full of themselves Narcissistic cannibals
How do you catch a runaway laptop? With an Internet.
I haven't slept in days I've been sleeping at night.
What would Forest Gump's Password be? 1Forest1
What is Satan's favorite headset? S810.
chicken pot pie. my three favorite things
What Do You Call IDubbbz When He is Angry? Osteoferocious!
[offensive] what do you call a white outlet White power
What's Italian Alzheimer's sound like? "Whoa! fuggodaboutit!"
How much money do gay bars make? A buttload.
Seems like Hello Kitty should be a brand of condoms.
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... And doesn't.
What Bird? Which bird symbolizes love? Swallow.
Why did Jesus die ? He forgot his safe word.
My signature move is signing a piece of paper.
Mitches ain't shit but guys named Mitchell.
My fiancee is like a good joke Short and Sweet
Why did the acid perform poorly? Because it didn't concentrate.
How do you catch defish? With debate.
So a politician dies... Ha!
What did the cow say to the masked robber? Moo.
Technically, ears can be "Love Handles" too.
yikes. don't google "cream pies", google "cream pie recipes"
What's black and doesn't work? Decaf coffee...you fucking racist.
Sarcasm: confusing stupid people and pissing off idiots everywhere.
My Garden Statue Called In Sick Today He has Gnome-onia.
What's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? The Wheelchair
Anidiot Clicks Hah, you just clicked, "An idiot clicks"
What is the favorite note of a priest? A minor
I've been thinking about you...Owl night long.
No girl jokes. Period.
What do you give a man who has everything? Penicillin
weekend plans: -solitude -cheese
The act of questioning can be intimidating. Isn't it?
What is black and rhymes with Snoop Dogg? Dr. Dre
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he neverlands.
What is a cardiologists favorite wine Vena Cava
What's a porn star's favorite drink?
What do you call a short cowboy? Subdude
What do Aussies call mates? Cunts. "Sup cunt".
Funny Jokes testdfdfdfdfdfd
how does rex reclaim make his music? he composts it
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mom.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
What is Donald Trump's favourite drink? A white Russian.
What do you call a Mexican detective? Sherlock, homes
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
A cannibal passed his brother in the woods.
19 and 20 had a fight. 21.
Irony Just an alloy of Fe and Yttrium
I hate tacos! Said no Juan ever.
Da Bears. That's it that's the whole joke.
you miss 100% of shots you don't take
In which sub does OP deliver most often? /r/babybumps/
Elephant How can you lift an elephant with one hand?
I found a sub for Ethiopian Food. . /r/ethiopianfood
What's a horses' favorite hip-hop dance? The neigh-neigh.
What's Wolverine's favorite candy bar? SNIKTERS
what's the square root of 69? ate something.
Where do they make contentment? At the satis-factory.
What does a selfish cow say? "Meeeeeeeeeeeeee"
What do you call a Middle Eastern sorceress? A sandwitch.
You know when your a procrastinator when... You're
What person adds best in hot weather? A summer.
What's a gay guys favorite pizza? Meat lover's
What has two arms,two legs and eats ants? Uncles
What do you call the murder of Chickpeas? Houmous-cide.
Calm the fuck down, Nutrition Facts labels on bottled water.
What's a racist photographer's favorite hobby? Crushing the blacks.
You know what was lit? The Freedom Bus.
What noise does a Nintendo ambulance make? Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u-Wii-u
Knock knock. Who's there? The Spanish Inquisition.
MILEY Y U NO PARTY IN OTHER COUNTRY?
What is a physicist's favorite cookie? Sig-fig Newtons
What came first, internet porn or "clear all search history"?
My dating life
Abortion sure brings out the kid in you.
What is the toughest religion to get into? The Difficult.
Hey, same-height couples. You're weird. Everyone thinks so.
What is a neckbeard's favorite fish? M'ahi
Pizza is a good argument against nihilism.
Pulleys are the rednecks of the gear world No teeth
I hate people who make generalisations. They're all hypocrites.
What's better than seeing a girl wrestle?... Seeing her box.
I found this joke today HAHA APRIL FOOLS BITCHES
There's no "u" in narcissist
How does the moon cut his hair Eclipse it
What do old people smell like? Depends
I keep a banana in my bathroom It's for scale.
Where did the salami go on holiday? Costa Deli-Sol
Tuna comments What do tuna fish say pussy tastes like?
What do you call a bear that's not drunk? So-Bear!
My time machine and I go way back
What's easier to pick up, the heavier it gets? Women
Can February March? No. But April May. yep.
A woman visits reddit...
White lies Don't matter. But black lies matter.
What do you call Asian quadruplets? 4chan
I saw a lizard and it became a spotted lizard
A nihilist walks into a bar...
what do you call a chinese millionaire? Cha Ching
You might be a redditor if You clicked.
Why did the fly fly? Because the spider spied'er. (SFW)
You know what really makes me smile? Facial muscles.
Why do melons always have church weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What's brown and sticky A brown stick
Why do SJWs hate Apple computers? Because they're not PC
I don't drink &amp; drive I pull over.
Why are you so gay? Because you are happy.
Do you want to hear a joke about potassium? K.
Who writes all his plays on the Internet? Will-e. Shakespeare.
Pedophiles are... .... Fucking immature assholes.
Facebook game requests are the Jehovah's Witnesses of the Internet
Gay jokes are not funny Cum on guys
What is Batman's favorite porn site? Motherless.com
Bitches be misusing helping verbs.
We all make mistakes... especially your parents!
Umbrage is like regular brage, but um...
*Throws caution to the wind* *gets covered in caution*
How do dogs enjoy sex? They like it ruff.
Whats that smell? Auschwitz.
Ever heard of jenkem? It's the shit!
Trump is President. Yes, President Trump.
What would you do?  geaNostra
Whats the Difference Between AWD &amp; 4x4? Your sexuality.
Who is the greatest Jewish cook? Hitler
I'm not gaining weight. I'm losing wavelength
What does P.E.T.A. stand for? People Eating Tasty Animals !
*wakes up* nooooooo
What do you find in a pumpkins pants? A Halloweenie!
What is the hardest part of twerking? Being black
What did the organic chemist use tinder for? Carbon dating.
Single beds Should date more.
What do you call a rhetorical fish? Sharkasm.
What did Gandhi fight for? Nothing, he was against violence.
Jackson Pollock - great painter piss poor pictionary partner
What's in the middle of girls' legs? Their knee.
Where do rabbits go after their wedding? On their bunnymoon.
Oxygen atom was looking for threesome. Poor guy got ozoned
once you go black... you're a single mother
What do you call a dad balloon that disappears? Pops
How do you keep a blonde in suspense? ...
How did people crash their vehicles before cellphones?
I'm playing chess against my gardener. Your move, Jesus.
hey you all
Justin and Selena broke up? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOObody cares.
Try to think of a world without hypotheticals. You can't.
A blonde walks into a bar. Ouch.
what do you call a fake noodle an impasta
Why don't lobsters like to share? They're shellfish.
2 peanuts walk into a bar One was a salted
What's Hodor's job? Raisin Bran
What's black on top and white on the bottom? RAPE.
What do engineers use for birth control? Personality.
Every kiss begi... K
What's Romeo and Juliette's least favorite fruit? cantelope
Of all my mistakes, you were the mistakiest
Knock knock Who's there? Not Paul Walker.
what's black, white, orange and terrifying? My voters pamphlet.
What state has the smallest sodas? Minisoda :)
"I'd tap that." - Morse code operatives flirting.
Screw you recommended serving size. You don't know me.
What do you call a stolen yam? A hot potato.
What Do You Call A Rainy Spelling Bee? Alphabet Soup.
What did Helen Keller call her dog? &lt;smashes keyboard&gt;
The name's Bong. Jay Bong. Agent 420. Weed.
things I hate 1. lists 2. hypocrisy
Why is gravity so weak? Because it doesn't lift
What do you call a shitty igloo? An "eh"gloo.
Stephen Hawking's favourite videogame? Flappy birds
TIFU by buying a cheap speaker system Whoops, wrong sub
What subject did the Warlock major in at University? Fel-osophy
How do German bread greet each other? Gluten tag!
Websites never remember me :(
What's an astronaut's favorite dessert? Terra-miss-u
Your momma's so fat... she's always #1 in agar.io.
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's house? ...neither has he!
I hate Japanese books. They always ruin the ending.
What did the chicken say after laying an egg? "Oeuf!"
I made an original joke And it's not funny
Who lit the fuse on your tampon?
Where do men have the most curly hair? In Africa
I don't trust insomniac philosophers... They're up to know good.
A website for religious potato chip lovers...Christian Pringle.
What's better than eating a mandarin? Eating Amanda out.
What's better than eating a mandarin? Eating Amanda out!
Hey McCloud! Get off of my ewe!
A fish swam into a concrete wall... He said damn
There are three unwritten laws of life... 1. 2. 3.
Did this many people have birthdays before Facebook?
When does the narwhal bacon? Mmmmm reddit.
I can't be bothered with trivial details. Like facts.
How does the butcher introduce his wife? Meat Patty.
what was hitler's favorite weather pattern? HEIL
If a clown farts.. Does it smell funny?
What's a Jehovah's Witness's favorite band? The Doors.
Your body is a temple. Mine is a graveyard.
Knock Knock... "Come in!"
I see bed, people.
It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
What is the most searched word on Bing? Google.
I do all the wrong things the right way.
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist? Dr. Pokemon.
10 Ways to cut down on clickbait! Does anyone know?
Where did the hamburger go to dance? The Meatball
How do you circumcised a whale? Four skin divers
What stars go to jail? Shooting stars.
If history repeats itself, I'm totally getting a dinosaur!
What's Fuzzy, Smokes, and Comes in Cubes? Fidel Castro.
I just ordered the wrong meat it was a misteak
What do you call a Reddit cockblock? [removed]
How do you find an inconvenient proof? With an Al-Gore-rithm
Who invented mince? A leper playing guitar.
Your gene pool could use a little chlorine.
What happens in Vegas stays on Facebook.
What did the cow say under its breath? Utter.
Let's make this house party... a *home* party.
How do you keep an AssHole in suspense?
What is a Mexicans favorite sport? Cross country.
What did the duck say to the policeman? Quack
Why didn't sine cross the road? Cosecant
The people of Pompeii... Mannequin challenge champions since 79AD.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two tired.
What's E.T short for? His little legs.
In successful relationships, no one wears the pants.
Your husband's super cute, is he single?
How much do dirty deeds cost again? -Malcolm Young
I was gonna make a gay joke... Butt fuck it
What do you call a stolen Tesla? An Edison
Some subs... Are not the OP.
'Knock Knock.' 'Who's there?' The pilot.
Would an Australian WiFi network... ...be a LAN down under?
What's another way to describe a contradicktion? A logical phallusy!
What type of trees do chickens grow on? Poul-trees
Q: What's red and not there? A: No Tomatoes.
Meta Knight walks into a restaurant... There is no counter.
Guess who I bumped into at Specsavers Everyone
What do runners eat before a race? Nothing. They fast
What do girls always wear to math class? Alge-Bras!!
Child porn You sick fuck!
Want to hear a joke? Women's rights
Where does honey come from? Beez nuts!
Megan with an h? Whatever Hmegan....
What's little, brown, and found in the woods? Winnies' pooh.
What do they call Counter-Strike in the Middle East? Tuesday.
I caught a mosquito in my hand.. It sucked.
If I want to bang an Eskimo... Alaska
Why was Tom Cruise hired by Volkswagen? Emission Impossible
Whats brown and rhymes with snoop? Dre
Who's Angry in Japan? The director of Life of Pi.
You can say what you want about deaf people....
2010 Kids Wont Get This... Standing in line
What kind of bee makes milk? A boobie.
Coffee. Not my cup of tea.
Ghost joke joke booooobies
Facebook really needs a "pee on someone's wall" option.
What do you call two crows? Attempted murder.
How do you make antifreeze? Take away her blanket!
What do you call an Irish lesbian? Gaelic.
How do you call a puzzled amputee? Stumped.
What do you call a really handsome potato? A spud.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? He saw the gas bill.
A person browsing the internet came across a clickbait title
"Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?"
Ignorance is a palindrome
What does a pickle use to make bread? Dill Dough.
What's Beethoven up to these days? Decomposing
What do you call a superfluous elephant? Irelephant
What's your best math/science pick up line?
being a secretary must really suck.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
What is a ghost's favorite type of porn? BOO-kakke
What is a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? Comet!!
I'm so hungry I could eat something healthy.
What do Mexicans write in school? Essays.
You can't spell anal rash without Sarah Palin.
Where do boats go when they're sick? The Doc
Why are the cops in Ferguson Steelers fans? Bullet train!
What does a 90 year old woman taste like? Depends.
Why can't you shop in the UAE? There's nothing Dubai.
What does a cow produce when an earthquake occurs MILKSHAKE
Confucius say "Virginity is like bubble; one prick, all gone."
What do you call a castrated unicorn? A eunuch-orn
What does a noodle say after praying? Ramen
What concert ticket costs 45 cents? 50 Cent feat. Nickelback
What does a gay rooster say? "Anycockledoooooo!"
My girlfriend got D for Christmas from her Math teacher.
Worst days in United States history.. .. 9/11 and 11/9
Bloody FedEx... I've been waiting all day for my punchline
Updates status.. no one comments. Updates status again.
What rhymes with left and means steal? theft
In Gaza Strip... ...Kykes gas you!
Why did Napoleon wear sleeves? For his armies
I'm very anti-slavery, but boy do I hate laundry.
A parabola walked into a bar... It walked out again
Me: I just broke a nail. WebMD: Finger cancer.
What do you call Detroit's trash? Detroitus
Two peanuts are walking down the street... one's assaulted.
How do tree surgeons live? Life on the hedge!
Every birthday is a surprise party after you turn 80.
I'm scared of trampolines They make me jump!
What's the useless skin around a vagina called? A woman.
What's white and has black spots a dalmatian
saddam hussein is full of shiite.
Knock Knock Who's there? Two Two Who? To Whom!
What do you call a fish with no eyes? fsh
My company has a nicotine like addiction to conference calls.
is it me or is it tired in here? hahahahaahaa
Why was the feminist picnic cancelled? because nobody made sandwiches
What do baby pythons play with?  Rattle-snakes.
Dettol went to GERMANY Now its called ANY.
No one ever smells their finger because it smells good.
Those Weren't Raisinets: A Mouse Tale
Why is Yoda afraid of seven? Because six seven eight.
Selling an improved autocorrect? Shut up and take my monkey.
Oxygen and Potassium went on a date. It went O.K.
Hey symphonies, play the main part we like more.
Worried sick about America's billionaires, you guys
Sometimes I wake up grouchy sometimes I let her sleep
How do you spell anarchy? Any way you fucking want.
Saw Harry Potter. *SPOILER ALERT* ZERO tits.
PMS jokes aren't funny... Period.
What does the chicken says to the other chicken? Nothing.
Why is there no gambling in Africa? Too many cheetahs
#BPMovies 20,000 Leaks Under the Sea.
The Dumb Blonde Quiz
"Be strong" I whisper to my coffee.
Why aren't Jewish people into rap? They can't drop dimes
BREAKING NEWS: Overworked Janitor Sweeps the Nation.
People that are stoned shouldn't throw glass houses.
How did Hitler like his orange juice? Concentrated.
Dwarfs and midgets have very little in common.
Are you today's date? because you're an 11/10 (:
A dirty joke A pig rolled in the mud
Stop, Drop, and Roll: A Beginners Guide to Bowling
How much jizz does a gay dude have? A buttload
Her: I love you. Me: I love YouTube.
why doctorates are better then MBBS, the pee HD
What is the favorite school topic of Karma Whores? Derivatives
Who runs the 100 acre wood website? www.innie the pooh.
What do engineers use for birth control? Their personalities
What happens when Batman sees Catwoman? The Dark Knight Rises...............
I dented my Ford Focus and now it's blurry.
Veni, VD, vici I came, I caught, I cankered
What do you call a man doing dishes? Single.
What do you get when someone sexts you? Naughtyfications
What did baby corn say to mommy corn? Where's popcorn?
Why do rednecks like Halloween? Because they can Pump-Kin
the divorce rate for socks is 100%
What did one volcano call the other volcano? An Ash-hole.
Want to hear a joke about Sodium? Na
Money doesn't buy happiness...
What's Hitlers most hated candy? Jewb jewbs
Forgive me, for I have sinned. Same time tomorrow?
My eyes are brown with tiny flecks of narcissism.
How can you tell if Lady Gaga is dead? Po-po-po-po-po-po-poke-her-face
I recently sold my vacuum It just sucked
What is the famous martial art of Israel? Jiu-Jitsu
What does a meditating cow say? .ooOOOMMMMOOOOOooooo........
how do you think the unthinkable? with an ithberg!
How do you organize a space party? You Planet
Stablehand: Wanna hear a funny joke? Horse: Neigh!
How do we know burgers love young people? They're pro-teen!
How do you say brassiere in German? Keepemfromfloppin
I heard dhiarrea is hereditary It runs in your jeans.
You are dark and handsome; When it's dark,you are handsome.
What do you call a hapoy frog? Hoppy
How did the snowman get happy? The snowblower came around
But how come Tarzan didn't have a beard?
What do you call a white, poofy space alien? Martianmallow.
Where do sad Ukrainians go? Crimea River.
A blind man walks into a bar.
The name Pavlov Rings a bell
I love engaging with brands on the Internet!
ISIS is stuck between Iraq and a hard place.
Why can't T-rex's clap? Cause they're dead.
"Knock knock." "Who's there?" "Doorbell repairman."
What is the job of a gentleman pimp? To Tally-hos!
Only true feminists will get this Offended
If money can't buy happiness, explain ice cream. You can't.
Every zoo is a petting zoo if you're brave enough.
He drank the entire bottle of olive oil? Olive it.
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny
Pluto Its Self Ex-Planetary
Doesn't the president pardon a Turkish jet every thanksgiving?
What is black Jesus' favorite fruit? Wine-er-melon
The FBI announce Hillary's indictment on April Fools
why do ghosts like elevators? it lifts their spirits
What did Ryu say to Ken? HOWAREYOUKEN?!
Let me know when you're off your Man-Period!!!
Where do safari animals buy their groceries? From the supermeerkat
so m'lady walks into a bar ouch.
Have you heard the watermelon joke? It's pitiful.
What kind of bees produce milk? Boobies
OLD SPICE: BECAUSE YOU WANT TO SMELL LIKE VICTORIA BECKHAM
"Alexander's not so Great" - younger brother, Steve the Ok
Bioluminescent fry said to have a bright future
My other palindrome is a kayak. - racecar bumper sticker
What's Irish and sits by the pool? Paddy O'Furniture
Half Life 3 lol
What kind of photos do turtles take? Shellfies
Guess why Because.
What does Salvador Dali eat for breakfast? surreal
A handshake means something completely different to a cannibal.
Always look both ways before crossing a woman.
Lost and confused in an helicopter
What do you call someone who worships balls? Sack-religious.
Why was the priest afraid of trigonometry? cos sin
A man walks into a bar... Ouch
A baby seal walks into a club...
Your future.
What kind of dog did Jesus own a holy shih-tzu
What started feminism? An unlocked kitchen door.
What letter never satisfies it's wife? The quick E
Who invented rhetorical questions? How should I know?
I remember 2014 like it was yesterday.
Why won't the honeydew marry the watermelon? Because they cantaloupe..
You guys stole those words from the dictionary.
ababbaaaabbabbbbabababababbbaaabababbabaaaba ....long time no C
What's Hitler's favorite music genre? Reich and Roll
The truth about cardiovascular health!
What do you call an evil physicist? Sinner of Gravity
What kind of cake did Noah enjoy? Mabul cake.
If you read stressed backward it's desserts...coincidence? :)
What do women call men under 6 inches? Friends.
Wanna hear a good joke? Woman's rights
What's a nuns favorite day of the week? Sununday.
Condoms are like rules... ...they're made to be be broken.
What do elephants use for tampons? Sheep
Life is a suicide mission.
Why should you not trust atoms? They make up everything.
Healthy cereal feels a lot like dressy sweatpants.
What happens to all Vertibird pilots? They Fallout
Help I lost my coat! I hope someone didn't jacket!
What do you call an incestuous nephew? An aunt-eater.
This is by far the most pointless Tweet ever.
What is a Jawa's favorite food? Poutini!
What do you call a spanish speaking Coffee Translatte.
I finally had to tell the dog he was adopted.
Why are gluten-free children so healthy? Because they're not inbred.
What do you call a gay vampire? A fruit bat.
The universe contains protons,neutrons,electrons and morons.
The three rules about procrastination. 1. 2.
Dreaming you're peeing can be a very dangerous dream.
Every "Seinfeld" plot would have been solved by a cellphone.
What do you call two physicians? A paradox
What did Bacon say to Tomato? Lettuce get together!
A man walks into a Bar.. fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuu
What does Mozart put on his front lawn? Metrognomes
Tired? There's a nap for that
Don't go to zombie nightclubs... They're always dead.
What is red and bad for your teeth? A brick
Islamist Humor Planes blowin' up On a Tuesday
I need all zombie jokes you know, Reddit.
Pavlov That name rings a bell...
I used to think paramedics were ghost doctors.
I love breasts! It's the best part of the birds.
I laughed in r/funny
Twitter is the new flypaper.
If Wednesday is hump day... ...is Tuesday foreplay day?
Have you seen Stevie Wonder's wife? Because he hasn't.
End of the Week by Gladys Friday
Where can you dance in California? San Frandisco.
What kind of car does a pirate drive? Toyota YARis
What's grey and comes in gallons? An elephant.
How to curse like an Irishman "Whale oil beef hooked!"
What's a cats favorite thing to read? A CATalog
Plumber ditches wife Plumber Ditches his wife. "Its Over-Flo"
What's the NSDAP's favourite kind of Jew? I dunno, ashkenazi!
Why aren't iPhone chargers called apple juice?
What kind of breath freshener does George Clinton use? Parlia-mints
Do Indian restaurants have any bread? Nah, they have Naan.
Where do you drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
People who write clickbait headlines for a living: Fuck you.
How did the sun die? It went to Detroit.
I'm not fat Just short for my weight
Why are cats assholes? Because they are what they eat.
What's the difference between America and yoghurt? Yoghurt has culture
[Dark Humor]Why is suicide illegal? Destruction of government property.
Autocorrect: Without it you're fucked. And with it you're ducked.
I just realized... I've been on reddit ALL FUCKING YEAR!
What do you call a happy Russian? Gladimir Putin!
What do you call a silent cow canned beef
[at a wedding] "So, ya come here often?"
Pudding. Hahahahaha!
When life gives you melons You might be a woman
What did one tomato say to the other? Catch up.
Statistically 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
What is a Muslims favourite video game? Goat simulator
*tries to get a life. Life: I have a girlfriend.
What's Hitler's favorite drink? Orange Juice made from concentrate
Feminists who get easily triggered... need to just man up.
Whats a ducks favourite drug? Quack cocaine
Okay, who stopped the payment on my reality check?
What do they call a whore's fart? A Prosti-Toot
I love self-depreciating humor.. ..but I suck at it
What's the Riddler's favourite beverage? Obscuri-tea.
Why do they call it ejaculate... when it's usually early?
Why did religion cross the road? God is the answer.
Wanna hear my favorite 4/20 joke? Heh... what?
BAR JOKE So, a guy walks into a bar....
Why did the sand scream? Because the sea weed. ha.
Be nice to a nerd. Prevent a supervillain.
ram diljale janakpur
She's so wrinkled, her mother was a Shar Pei.
Press "three" for Spanish, and press "fo" for Ebonics
I'm no expert on Masturbation But I hold my own.
Why did the number one go to jail? 187
A PIECE OF ADVICE Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
I should of studied harder in English.
What's E.T. short for? Cos he's only got little legs
What's below the Pyrenees? A pair of ankles
What are Pirate clothes made of? Yarrrrrn.
I didn't know angels could fly so low.
I don't drink about you anymore.
CHEF ETHAN IS IN THE HOUSE *YEEEEAAHHHHH BOYYYYYYYY*
I like my women like I like my memes... Dank
What does a vegetable get in bowling? A-spare-I-guess
Half Life 3
Beginning Magic by Beatrix Star
ME: I've brought you a house-warming present ESKIMO: You idiot
What is green and eats nuts? Syphilis
I like my sex like I like my barbeque, mesquite
What is the phobia of chainsaws called? Common Sense
When life gives you Marmaduke... make marmalade.
Why did H kill itself? Because the G-had!
What are a plumbers least favorite kind of shoe? Clogs.
How do bros want their drinks? NOICE!!!!
A is for Apple - Hester Pryne
How do you piss off /r/jokes? Jokes: son-of-a-b***h
A guitarist was sent to jail for fingering a minor
If you lose your hearing,... is it ear replaceable?
If you're a monkey, your shit's always bananas.
Why does everybody hate tampons? They're stuck up bitches.
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Ten-ish
People say I'm quite contrarian. But I disagree.
What does a mediating blond girl sound like? "Ummmmmmmmmm...."
What is Zack Morris's favorite type of word? A Preppysition
You're scared of pedophiles? Grow up.
Why is "porn" not a standard button on keyboards yet?
"My Heart Mustard Go On" - Celine Dijon
what do elephants use as a tampons? Sheep.
Do I have any jokes about Sodium? Na
Why doesn't Pacman use Twitter? He doesn't like being followed.
What's the leading cause of violence in America? Volkswagen Beetles.
Very proud I've never once screamed "Woo!" at anything.
What does Ramen and Ketchup taste like together? Poverty.
A dyslexic walks into a bra
This year for Lent, I'm just giving up.
Whats an intercourse? Something you do between the periods.
My new years resolution for 2017 1920x1080
What is the favorite number of french potheads? 80
*leaves a "beautiful eyes" comment on all your leg selfies
I thought kegels were like Jewish bagels...boy was I wrong
My least favorite racist joke Donald Trump
procrastinator's club .... ... meets tomorrow
What has one hundred balls and screws old ladies? Bingo.
What do you call a masturbating cow? beef stroganoff
What do you call the elusive Mexican Jew? El Cheapacabra
Damn girl, are you french? Cause madayuum
If I was a fish... I'd be a broke trout.
What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones!
TIFU: By approaching a feminist.
Two peanuts walk into a bar... One was a-salted.
Clickbaits seem so obvious... Just like this one.
Don't just upgrade Windows 8 Up-upgrade it.
What do people from West Virginia do on Halloween? Pump-Kin
How do you spell "nose" is Spanish? nose
What Were Franco's Secret Police Called? The Gazpacho
Farting in an elevator It's wrong on so many levels
Whisky won't fix your problems... But it's worth a shot!
*releases frozen turkey back into the ocean
So some guys were hanged... .
Is the opposite of progress... ...congress?
How do you say "virgin" in Dutch? Goodentight
What has a bottom on top? A leg.
English: i before e, except after c. Science: Ummmm, No.
Where does the president keep his armies? In his sleavies.
According to my family tree I'm the sap.
What do you call a rich Chinese? Cha-Ching
What do mexicans call their erect penises? Beaners
Does anyone know any herbal remedies for worthlessness?
What can bring out your inner child? A coathanger.
I wonder Is Gordon Lightfoot heavy handed?
What do windows feel when they get hurt? Pane!
What is a Mexican's most favourite sport? Cross-country
Question: What is your "It is so cold outside..." joke?
i blame everything on the illuminati. stale bread? illuminati.
What alternative energy does Trump propose? White power
What do you call an STI in your nose? Sniff-illis
An elephant never forgets My dick remembers everything.
Wanna hear a girlfriend joke? Nah, you won't get it
Who's the biggest joke on the football team? The PUNter
PIRATE CORN: $12/DOZEN
What's a shopaholic's favourite boy band? NSYNC
What person shows you around a mental hospital? Tour-ettes :)
What do you call a mexican with no legs? consuelo
The most annoying part of reddit is [removed]
Do you want me to write good jokes? Good jokes
A cheap shot is a terrible thing to waste.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandles? Philippe Philoppe
Some lemons just handed me a life.
It's always an ungodly hour for atheists.
I wouldn't be caught dead with a Necropheliac.
Why did the Rabbi stop buying beer? Hebrewed his own
Which way did the programmer go? He went data way.
What do elves learn in school? The elf-abet.
Three politicians go to heaven. No, seriously, it could happen.
Wet wipes are tissues who like to party.
Two men walks into a bar Knock, knock
Yo mamma so fat she blocked everyone on facebook
What do you call a Greek stripper? Popalottapus
The very worst STD you can get is probably KIDS.
Why is Junkrat a feminist's favorite class in Overwatch? TRIGGERED
You can lead Narcissus to water...
I put the SEXY in Dyslexic. Deal with ti
What's the dumbest animal in the desert? The Polar Bear
How did the burglar get into the house? Intruder window
I'm not being rude, you're just insignificant.
What's the difference between men and government bonds? Bonds mature.
My uncle Paul does great bird impressions, He eats worms.
Oh, you fell in love?! I fell in my bathtub.
How much does a Qur'an weigh? Allaht
Socialist jokes aren't funny.... Unless everybody gets them.
IF you're NOT Handsome enough........ http://imgur.com/364BbQf
West Virginians are like burgers. They're always inbred.
Q: What's green and sings? A: Elvis Parsley.
Rectum? Damn near killed 'em!
Hey Seattle, Wanna win the Superbowl? No thanks, We'll pass!
My guardian angel deserves a raise
"Hold the mayo" is my "shaken, not stirred."
Auto correct makes me say things I didn't Nintendo.
I'm not scratching my balls I'm petting my crabs
Three guys walk into a bar..... The fourth guy ducks
Why don't oysters like to share? Because they're shellfish.
Drugs don't ruin your career. Drug tests do.
Speaking from one deaf man to another, ......... "what?"
7 Billion people, 14 billion Faces.
Hey.. What do you call a really good taco? ...Juan-derful
What has wings, but cannot fly. A dead bird.
Don't be sad laundry.. No one is doing me either
The Art of Button-collecting by Zipporah Broaken
Peadophiles are just fucking immature assholes
My metaphors are like similes. Rock solid as a mountain.
How does a jew get his beer? He brews
Republicans seek to re-brand poverty as a lifestyle choice.
what do you call a racist tampon? twatstika.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
gmail@chucknorris.com
What's green and flies over Poland? Snotzis.
What does the dead comedian cook with? Deadpan
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Where was the first discovered potato located? In the ground.
Where did the man go after the explosion? All over.
What idiot called it a contraction and not a birthquake?
How does one make a Nazi? With a ropesy.
What do Dothraki use to count their horses? A Khalculator
What's a pirate's favorite bomb? The tsARRR bomba.
What's Rolf Harris' favourite chord? A Minor
Who does Polyphemus hate more than Odysseus? Nobody.
What was the Russian mohel's name? Borris Kutchyakockoff
Hey, did you hear about the kidnapping? He woke up.
A Call for Assistance by Linda Hand
How Can Numbers Be Real If Our i's Aren't Real
Who was the first female commodore? The Commodore Amiga.
Hey girl, can I have a pizza? Pizza that ass.
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-BOO!
How do you get Dick from Richard? You ask nicely.
"Naps ain't shit!" -Comas
I told my vodka about you.
Chuck Norris actually built the stairway to heaven.
[Hires Skywriter] I DON'T OVERREACT
What do you call a dentist gunfighter? Clean Teathstwood.
I have sex daily. I mean dyslexia. Fcuk.
I don't like my computer memory. Not one bit.
What do you call a crime-solving blender. Deducer
What eats everything? An Om-nomnivore
What font is alphabet soup produced in? Times New Ramen
Need to build an Ark? I Noah man...
What do you call a lizard on drugs? A mariguana.
Why was the broom late for school? It over-swept
A guy walks into a bar ouch
I just love that new Pope smell.
Which trees have the most friends? The poplar ones.
What has 9 arms and still sucks? Def Leppard
Lady GaGa is easily the scariest of all the Muppets.
The Longest Joke In The World http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
What's the most useless thing ever? Anne Frank's drum kit.
I am so hot my mother calls me sun.
What is the handicap parking like at the special olympics.
Round, heavy object they throw at the olympics. Discuss.
Donald Trump becomes President. Thats it. That is the joke.
What's a riot? Three dyslexics
What do you call the doctor for dogs? Dogtor
What do dads say when they see someone peeing? European.
What do you call a loud Trump supporter? A Trumpet.
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks.
What do ghosts use for lube? Rectoplasm...
It's not condescending if they're stupid.
Hey can I call you back in like 6 weeks?
Where do you find the hottest Jews? in the ovens
Where do you put dead typists? In the `!
What do you get with breaking news? News casts.
Alcohol is like photoshop for reality.
A dyslexic walks into a bra...
What Is The Most Offensive Joke You Have Ever Heard?
What do you call a Jew that can fly? Smoke
I gave up viagra It was hard at first...
Be alert The world needs more lerts.
A man walks into a bar That doesn't make cent
The Long Walk Home by Miss D. Buss
What's the Cuban national anthem? Row, row, row your boat
A little poetry never killed anybody. But haiku keeps trying.
What's Sam Smith's favorite type of nut?  [It's an alllllllllmond](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB63ztKnGvo&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=37s)
What's Irish and sits on a deck? Patty O'Furniture
what do you call a man wrapped in meat?
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst
Appreciate the little things.. Hug a midget today.
According to the BMI chart I am too short.
What is brown and rhymes with "snoop"? Dr. Dre.
Silence doesn't mean your sexual performance left her speechless.
What did terrorist say to my friend Jack? Hi Jack!
Why don't Americans get knock knock jokes? FREEDOM RINGS
If you feel like procrastinating... ...Just do it tomorrow instead.
If I swallow magnets will it make me attractive?
What does a vegan zombie eat? Graaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaains!
What do you call a group of Indians? A Paki
ebola jokes ... its all about the execution :')
What's a terrorist's favourite car? A Ford Exploder.
What did the drowning number theorist say? logloglogloglogloglogloglogloglog
How do Christians eat their icecream? They Catholick it.
What's black and white and red all over? Schindler's List
People say Money talks... But all mine says is Goodbye.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick!
*puts on mistletoe hat* *casually walks by you multiple times*
What is Hodor's favorite cereal? Raisin' Bran.
A joke that never stops giving.... Your mom.
What crime did the viticulturist get imprisoned for? Grape.
What is Cole's law? Thinly sliced cabbage with mayonnaise
What's an idealist vegetarian's favorite meal? Peas and hominy
What is Kim Jong Un's favourite food? Yellowcake.
Sorry, this joke's a repeat.. ^^^^^I'll ^^^^^show ^^^^^myself ^^^^^out
What's an emo's favorite ice cream flavor? Noose Tracks
Why was epsilon afraid of zeta? Because zeta eta theta.
9/11 Called. They want their building back.
Statistically speaking...(NSFW) Nine out of ten people enjoy gang rape.
Reducing air pollution isn't an easy task, it's emission.
January 1, 1990 Go change it.
Why don't tampons talk to maxi-pads? Because they're stuck-up cunts.
The Men's Room... where all the dicks hang out.
How does post-vasectomy sex compare? There's not a vas deferens.
Sorry I said your mom's beef stroganoff was stroganawful.
What do you call a politically correct boat? A censorship
"Strap On" backwards is "No Parts"
Ethiopian kid won't get this... old
I don't always drink.... What were we talking about again?
How much lube do you need for anal? A buttload.
Where are new Starcraft players born? In the noobula
Want to hear a joke about sodium hypobromite? NaBrO!!
What's a narcissistic hooker's favorite state? Idaho.
Finding Nemo. Grilling Nemo. Eating Nemo.
I, for one, like Roman numerals
Why did the computer crash? It had a bad driver!
What did the french baker ghost said? BOO! Langerieeee!
Don't argui with r/jokes... There's too many ri-postes.
I have an epileptic friend... He's a jerk...
Cheese is plural because you never eat just one chee
Stephen Harper
What do Germans call a flying jew? Smoke.
Statistically, 9 out of 10 people... ...repost.
What STD is found most commonly among lesbians? Carpet burn
There's two fish in a tank !!!
Who's Irish and sleeps on your porch? Paddy O'Furniture!
Photographing Bigfoot is... no small feat.
Maybe zombies just have shampoo in their eyes.
What is the smallest book in history? French War Victories.
What is "The Fonz's" favorite breakfast? Eeeeeeeeeeggs
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't.
What's the difference between hardware and software? A floppy dick
Gay jokes aren't funny.. Cum on guys...
I love looking at oranges, they are just so appealing
What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
If abortion is murder, then are condoms kidnapping...
How does a ninja shop for groceries? No one knows.
I don't eat some foods. -vagueans
Hitlers gonna hitl
Wanna know who I Netflix and Chilled with?
Coup attempt on Turkey from the rear Did Greece help?
This is how clickbait works.
What girl's name is like a letter? Kay (K).
The Jewish Dilemma... Free Pork
Church A very enthusiastic book club.
What flower loves to be in the sun? Sunflower.
What kind of bees give milk? boobies
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaay.
What does a gay horse eat? Haaaaay!
Do Frenchmen like slides? OOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUIIIIIIIIIII!
Never get a cheap circumcision. It's a rip-off.
As an introvert, I love my wife. *wifi
What is the highest point in Israel? Mountain Dew.
What device can make prostitution legal? A camera.
What's every spider's dream job? A web designer.
If my cat smoked weed it would be Meowi Wowee
I have never turned down an offer to smell something
a:1:{s:7:"retweet";i:2;}
What color were Hitler's shits? Eva Brown!
If you're attacked by clowns... Go for the juggler.
TIFU by getting on the wrong submarine Oops, wrong sub.
Wuts 9+10 Twenny wun
Why can't horses fix merry go rounds? They'd be terrified
What happened to the lost cattle? Nobody's herd.
Which fruit can never get married? Melons, because they can'telope.
What building has the most stories? A library.
Today marks 365 days of sobriety. 364 more to go
I used to live in Oklahoma... It was OK
What country makes the most milk? Nepal
Tolkein in puns Is a very bad hobbit.
Me...Lazy? Don't get me started!
Have you ever played AD Soraka? It's bananas!
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christ ler
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Wives are magicians They can turn anything into an argument.
That went swimmingly And I can't swim.
What's ISIS favourite meal? Turkey! Its the bomb!
How did one pothead greet the other? High
A Dyslexic man walks into a bra.
what idiot called them crabs instead of sidewalks
Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a salesman. Over the phone.
Close the door. You're letting the wifi out.
Why is divorce so expensive? ... because it's worth it.
Madonna goes on her arse, To much Material Girl ..
What can't a man with no arms break? His fall.
Which two letters are rotten for your teeth?  D K
How to annoy ISIS Call them Daesh
My "it's cold outside" post just went viral on Facebook.
How Does Sean Connery Wash His Dishes? Like a Bosch!
What do you call closet Purge ?
Forget the wheel.... ...Jesus take my final!
How do you kill a Mormon? Bore them to death.
Describe yourself in 3 words I am a rebel
What has 10 letters and starts with gas? "automobile"
What is Mozart doing right now? Decomposing.
Is there a shorter word for monosyllabic? Credit: Stephen Wright
"Seed Faith" Televangelists
Why were the baker's hands smelly? He kneaded a poo
the bible is an attempt to mansplain our existence
Nerdy/Geekyt Jokes
it's not abuse if the substance likes it.
Fat people. You can't run, but you can't hide either.
Baby you're so cute you made my page 404.
Chuck Norris keeps his pillow under his gun.
Text: ARE YOU ALIVE? Me: Why?
"Daddy , how do stars die ?" "Drugs , usually"
Porn If you can't join em,.beat it.
What is a Roman wrestlers favorite meal? JOHN CENA
How did Hitler tie his shoes? In little Nazis
What do you call a bad pun? Punishment.
What do you call 0.33333333333 of a shit? A turd.
Anybody heard about that new drug for lesbians? Trycoxagain
Why did the vegetable kill himself? He didn't carrot all.
What do you call a horny square? Erectangle
Nutella. A delicious mix of nuts and umbrellas.
Facebook should change its name to Acquaintance Birthday Reminder
Dis earing letters? There's an 'app' for that.
Poker Face. But I barely know her!
Fitbits are the selfies of exercise.
What kind of bees produce milk? Boobees
What's a dragon's favorite snack? A firecracker!
What do Afghan stoners smoke? Hindu Kush
Why is 6 afraid of 7? 7 is black.
What do you call a camel in Alaska? Lost.
What is One Direction's favorite place to eat? Five Guys
What was David Bowie's last hit? Probably Morphine
I haven't used algebra in 3x-q years
What do you call four drowning Mexicans? Cuatro Sink-O
How do you confuse a gay person? Seven
Hey Joseph, Why you Stalin?
My biological clock is wheezing.
I hope "citibank" is better at math than spelling.
Drunk. In Wal Mart. Fuck.
the gender neutral term for sugar daddy is glucose guardian
Why does the baker bake? Because he kneads the dough.
where did Marry go after the explosion? everywhere
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana
To make a delicious omlette... you must be an eggspert.
A white male walks into a bar... Huehuehuehuehue
Girl, you put the sexy in dyslexia.
How do you make Bengay? Squeeze his tube.
What's better than Chrisopher Walken? Ted Danson.
Items that are made from velcro... Are such a rip-off.
Never trust atoms... ...they make up everything.
How accurate is the Bible? 100% at short range
Reddit Jokes section is not racist.
What workout routine did Jesus stick to best? Crossfit
Alexa, take down my Christmas decorations.
Just learned how to masturbate. It comes in handy.
What animals talk on the telephone the most?  The yakety-yaks!
How do Mexican cut pizza? Little Caesars.
What kind of shoes does bread wear? Loafers.
"Size DOES matter", I whisper to my double stuffed Oreos.
What is Father Christmas's tax status? Elf-employed.
Whats brown and sticky? a stick
What is a Mexicans favorite band? Hispanic at the Disco
Malaysian food is the best! Because it goes down easily
How do you send a dog to space? Laika boss.
When men say "I'm fine" they actually mean it. Weirdos.
What do you call an unemployed Rastafarian? Jah bless.
(Offensive) Old enough to count... Old enough to mount ;)
What do you call a vampire ophthalmologist? Count Drocular
Cows should really stop putting "delicious" on their resumes.
What do cows get when they are sick? Hay Fever
Nobel Peace Prize I would kill for one of those
Why can't Helen Keller drive.... Because she's a woman.
What About Having Viagra Jelly Dessert? http://rx-drugsmart.co/product/Viagra+Jelly.html
An Irish man walks out of a bar... ...
Apparently I've switched to a mobile carrier named "Searching..."
LPT: When Googling "grandfather clock" don't forget the L.
People say that I'm skeptical but I don't believe them.
What kind of hair do oceans have ? Wavy !
For maximum attention, nothing beats a good mistake.
What do you call 144 rotten eggs? Gross.
Why don't people name their kids 'Napoleon'? It's too complex
What do you call a small byte? A nibble.
I just tinder matched with a block of cheese.
What do Asian pirates say? ELLLLLLL!!!
Why are Pirates pirates??? Because they ARRRRR
I was beating a mouse Then it clicked.
Somebody wake up Green Day.
What do you call a group of scientologist almonds? Nuts.
Santa is never lonely He has many deer friends
Why did the "H" kill himself Because the "G" had...
What's invisible and fucks kids? The Zika virus.
What do we call a wireless mouse? Hamster. Source: **Dad**
What do you call a British dinosaur? A tea rex.
What's the best thing about bee's? It's knees.
Seven days without food... Makes one weak!
What's brown and sticky? Seriously. Guess.
What did one Jewish bird say to the other? "Cheep"
Ever hear the joke about the punchline thief?    .
I like to read the Constitution for the articles.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga? Poker face.
LeBron Still Wins MVP. Most Visible Penis.
Politically correct joke
What's a statistician's favorite form of art? Data-ism
What did the Skunk say at Church? Let us spray
Women v/s men
The gift that keeps on giving Herpes. Hehe ;)
I exaggerate too much. My whole life is a hyperbole.
What does a German say at a Dude Ranch? AUDI.
Do you know any snake jokes? 'cause I serpently don't.
What is white a d 14 inches long? Nothing.
The problem with political jokes is that they get elected.
90s Kids won't get this............ Social Security Benefits.
What would Jesus say if you angered him? "I'm Crossed."
How do you mend a jack-o-lantern? With a pumpkin patch.
There's a ghost in the house! CALL DR.BOO!
Wanna hear a joke? Fine Bros.
the opposite of a charles manson is a nicole kidman
What do you call a lesbian platypus? A lickalotapus
What do you call a clever monster?  Frank Einstein.
I put a load in the dishwasher She swallowed.
Censorship [removed]
What was the best thing before sliced bread?
How does moses make his tea? Hebrews it
People who don't understand sarcasm are awesome.
Russell Crowe never regrets cunnilingus He'll always be Gladiator.
What do British nuclear engineers eat? Fission chips.
JokeExplainBot
No, YOU'RE a nary tract infection
The shortest hunter joke Two hunters go by a bar
How do you make a fat chick orgasm? Who cares.....
I like pressing f5. It's so refreshing.
Double leg amputees are the worst... ...I can't stand them
What was the geologists' favorite Musical genere? rock
What should the Packers call their cheerleaders? Green Baes
What is round and looks like a stone. A stone.
What does a gay horse eat? Dick you idiot.
Im half scotch. And i dont mean scottish.
America elected Donald Trump And we're going toupee for it
In Tesla Motors you... Don't drive car, car drives you.
What idiot called it an auction instead of serious bidness?
Pokemon Go goes live in Canada today You idiots.
What do you call a Canadian Spy Agency? The CIEh
How Does Moses make Tea? HEBREW it!
What do Roman Doctors call I.V.s? Fours
ExLax is really shitty chocolate.
According to chemists, alcohol IS a solution...
"What doesn't kill you makes you smaller!" -ask Super Mario
Do you want to hear a joke about sodium? Na
Making midget jokes is mean and belittling. *belittling*
/r/creepy I mean seriously, one was just an open door.
So an Irishman walks out of a bar....
How do sceptics introduce themselves? "I don't believe we've met..."
What do you call Batman skipping church? Christian bail.
What does a dog do that you step in? Pants.
How do you comfort a grammar nazi? There, their, they're.
What ship will never set sail for OP?
Why Can't A Bike Stand On Its Own? It's two-tired!
Why wouldn't the man dance? His pants had no ballroom.
"Wanna solve a meat puzzle?" is a good pickup line
Did you hear about that new jewish barista? Hebrews coffee
Carpet Fitting by Walter Wall
Banks are like girlfriends... ...they just want all your money.
16 Sodium atoms walk into a bar... Followed by Batman.
Stop making child molestation jokes It's a really touchy subject
"Asparagus!!!" - italian guy named Gus pleading for his life
Rape is a touchy subject
What's black, jobless, homeless, fatherless, and has no life? Harambe.
Jokes What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta
A million dollar idea: Diapers for birds.
You look like I could use some sex.
What does The Lion King have a lot of? Simbalism
Here's a joke about the Reddit admins. [deleted]
What comes after 69? Student: mouthwash teacher: get out
You call them "cuss words"... I call them "sentence enhancers".
What did the coma patient win? A-trophy.
Why were the Indians here first? Because they had reservations.
Gay vampire I vant to suck your dick
Me: A wise man once said... Wife: STOP QUOTING YOURSELF!
The Embarrassing Moment by Lucy Lastic
How did Maxwell greet Ampere? Good Faraday to you, sir!
So that's what "Tiger blood" means!
What's a Whistleblower's favorite food? Leeks!
Bush vows to stabilise US economy
Setup Punchline.
__________________________________________ Just drawing the line somewhere on R/Jokes
I've got a great joke for you all! Runescape 3.
Bees Q; What kind of bees make milk? A; Boobies
DO NOT OPEN.PLEASE. I like you, you little rebel.
A reddit mod walks into a bar [removed]
"WHERE ARE ALL MY PITCHES AT!?!?!?!?" -upset marketing executive
I like my beer like i like my violence... Domestic.
Batman (1989): An orphan fights a clown
Marilyn Monroe sure got smart four decades after she died.
My internet connection is just like my Ex-Girlfriend Unstable
What is Kanye's favorite Transformer? Bruce Jenner
I'm a carbie girl in a barbie world.
How do black geese call to white geese? HONKEY! HONKEY!
Babe are you a new software update? Because not now.
Duck jokes really quack me up.
What's White and Sticky? Glue.
What do you call two lesbian dinosaurs? Lickalotypus.
What do you call a retarded Jew? Auschwitistic
What's Dracula's favorite beer? Bloodweiser
A fish swims into a wall Dam
What if sharks hug with their mouths? Just sayin.
What's a pedophile's favorite music scale? A minor
I like my beer like i like my violence.. Domestic
Four guys walk into a bar One ducked
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? Pokemon
What is a jew's favourite bread? Shabbat-a
What do you call a broke actor? Johnny Debt.
Q: What does a cat sleep on? A: A caterpillow.
America's immigration problems are over. Who'd want to live here?
I identify with sleeping... Yeah, I'm a nap-kin.
For Sale: Thick layer of dust. As seen on TV.
What is Michelle Obama's favorite dish to cook? Baracolli
A steak pun is a rare medium well done
What's a rabbits' favorite dance? The bunny hop.
I'm certain my job is interfering with my drinking
What do goats do on election day? Voat. co
Dark chocolate tastes like chocolate that started doing CrossFit.
Let me put things into perspective for you. persp(things)ective
What is the chemical composition of banana? Barium disodium
What do you call a russian tree? Dimitree
What do you call someone obsessed with France A ouiaboo
What do you call a crappy business man? an Entre"manure"
What brand of pen does Lance Armstrong use? Uni-ball
I'm a screamer Not sexually just life in general
Simba was moving too slow, so I told him........... Mufasa
Obesity cures wrinkles.
I have a love/hate relationship with going to extremes.
Hey! You got your chatroulette in my peanut butter.
How does Jesus like his hotwings? Tinder and Mild.
Shoutout to the sidewalk For keeping me off the streets.....
"Hey, somebody said..." [Joke here (vine)](/https://vine.co/v/eAzYADExnIO)
What did Cinderella Dolphin where to the ball? Glass flippers!
I like my slaves like I like my coffee Free.
What do you call rubber bumpers on yachts? Shark absorbers!
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? Because classical conditioning!
What do you call a frugal Transformer? Optimus Dime.
I'm not racist I have a colored T.V.
Masturbation: It *comes in hand*y.
How many cow-lories does a cheeseburger have? Moo many...
100 million years ago there were no creationists.
The Dutch have invented a continuously-airborne plane. It never lands.
A French man asks... "Do you even lift, breaux?"
What do you call a drummer without a girlfriend? Homeless
What did Michael Jackson almost name his daughter? Nata-LEE-HEE!
Who makes the lemonade at a hospital? A Fizzy-o-Therapist.
Where do toilets live? Porcel Lane.
Amazon Prime Day
Doctor Doctor I keep thinking I'm a  vampire. Necks please!
How do reptilians melt steel beams? thermite.
Oxygen went on a date with potassium. It went OK.
"Doctor doctor, everyone keeps ignoring me!" "Next please."
every fight is a food fight... ...when you're a cannibal.
I bet firemen "super-bidet" each other when they're bored.
The Punished Schoolboy by Major Bumsaw
Do zombies rule? Of corpse they do!
Think training raptors is tough? Imagine Dragons.
Europeans use euros shouldn't Africans use afros?
What do you call bovine masturbation? Beef stroganoff!
Q: What's red and not there? A: No tomatoes.
I hope none of these haystacks are sharing needles.
I hate toilet seats... They're all assholes.
The Government
"How about know" -existentialist teen
Russia will eat Turkey for thanksgiving this year.
What joke has recieved the most upvotes on Reddit? Redditors.
Greatest pun joke coming in three..two.. pun
Never trust someone who runs for "fun."
*destroys head of lettuce* *becomes new ruler of all lettuces*
Why did MacDonald's ban Tumblr? Because they don't serve Trans-Fats.
King Midas doesn't like baths He likes golden showers.
Give weeds an inch... And they'll take a yard.
q uo poq  nq   s  s s
How do you circumcise a whale? Send down four skin-divers
Why did Yellow divorce Green? Because Green blue Indigo.
What's a sea serpent's favourite meal? Fish and ships!
Since you guys like clean jokes, here is one.
How do pigs gets to hospital? In a hambulance
Still not sure how to throw away a pizza box.
What do you call four bullfighters in quicksand? Quatro sinko
Teenage Mutant African Mammals Lionardo Giraffael Rhinotello Michelantelope
What do you call a charming tool? A rake
Where does an octopus go to buy shoes? Inke
Anti-vaxxers hate Lil John He's always promoting shots.
*Tips fedora at a mosquito* M'laria
You know what's a big ripoff? Velcro
I married a moonshiners daughter Now she makes me liquor
No, YOUR incapable of properly employing the second-person possessive pronoun.
What's a woman's favorite keyboard key? Ctrl
Sorry I mispronounced your baby's name you made up.
Spoiler alert: Your '97 Nissan Sentra doesn't need one.
WARNING Drinking before pregnancy can cause pregnancy.
"Mom look! It's a toy blue-tooth!"(cereal prize in Doucheberries Crunch)
What do you call a disabled Asian? Sum Ting Wong.
you ~~you~~ **your existence** ~~lol jk~~
Tiger Woods: cool name, scary place
Do you have porridge for breakfast? Kevin Bacon
My rapper name would be "Iffy Scent"
What's a buddhists favourite curry? Chicken karma
What rhymes with "hug me"? Chutney.
What do you call an upside-down "W"? An M-poster
God is a sock He saves your sole
Failed a urine test... took a shit :(
What's a... pederast? Shut the fuck up, Donny
What do crossfitters call their trainers? Fairy WOD-mothers.
You know what doesn't cry? Birth control
What is a cat's favorite color? Purrple
if i opened my Gryffindor Would you Slytherin?
How do jewish people like their foreskins? [removed]
I like my beer like i like my violence.. Domestic.
How do aliens pay for their coffees? With Starbucks!
Can orphans... eat at a family restaurant?
A good rule of thumb is It's opposable.
What's black and slides down Nelson's column? Winnie Mandela.
What is Santa's favorite band? Slayer.
What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon Tennish
A business that sells crucifix shaped skis called 'cross country'
So I went on r/news today.. [removed]
What's E.T. short for? Because he only has little legs.
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell.
[Spoilers] What do gay dogs eat? Ramsay's dick
Remember that time I got drunk... Yeah me neither.
How did the butcher introduce his wife? Meat Patty
Hangovers only happen to people who stop drinking.
What do ducks smoke? Quack.
What do ducks smoke? Quack!
What do you call a castrated German? A Munich
I got a new job crushing cans... It's so depressing...
Whats the worst part about Crabgrass? It's Not Lobster.
Why was the A.I. afraid of instagram? post-upload skepticism
What do you call an Italian reggae enthusiast? A pastafarian
How do you keep someone in suspense?
What's the opposite of the constitution? The prostitution.
Why can't Hellen Keller drive? Because she's a woman.
It's 'before' not 'B4'... We don't speak Bingo here...
I like my women like I like my chocolate... White.
Dirty thoughts... the life of a gardener.
How do poor people make it rain? They don't.
What do Mexican midgets use to cut pizza? Little Caesars
Where does an angry pirate get sent? Anchor Management
What do you call a mentally challenged lion? A leotard
I have a great 90's joke! Not!!
42 percent of statistics are made up!
My first time having sex... ...was fucking shit.
r u a sheep becus ur baaaaad
How do Mexicans cut their pizza? Little Caesars
What math class should feminists take? Triggernomics
What do you call suicide committed while shitting? Seppooku.
What gets harder as you beat it? A penis.
Before he started smoking cigarettes, Coolio was just called io.
What's frozen water and dangerous? ISIS
Samsung But what did Sam sing?!
What's blonde and intelligent? A golden retriever
Misery: Hello there! Company: I have a boyfriend...
Here's a USPS joke. Nevermind, it was lost in transit.
TIL It's not possible to yawn while wearing earphones
What is a brain dead couples' favorite pizza? Veggie lovers
Just hired a cat sitter to sit on my cat.
How did the Edward Impersonator annoy /r/jokes? He feigned ted.
The Philadelphia eagles Punchline in title.
What's brown, dirty, and sticky? A stick
Pregnant Removed
"I'd hit that" -old people who drive
Lecturing my smoker friends on how cool they look
A mongoose is just a goose who listens to reggae
What do you call a lousy psychic? Telepathetic.
Tea without sugar isn't "unsweetened tea". It's. Just. Tea.
Lil' Kim implies the existence of a larger Kim
2 peanuts are walking down the street One was asaulted
Crazy People How do crazy people go through the forest?
Want to hear a really shitty gay joke? poop dick
What did the bad soccer announcer get for Christmas? COOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Son, I'm not a mad scientist, just a disappointed scientist.
Whats a cannibals favorite game? Swallow the leader.
I was gonna make a gay joke... Butt fuck it...
Wanna hear a joke?
How many birds can play tic-tac-toe? Toucan
I have a pizza joke but it's a little cheesy
The fact touche and douche don't rhyme bothers me.
50 cent filed for bankruptcy he only had 50 cents
What's the opposite of Kathmandu? Dogwomandon't.
A drunken man speaks what a sober man thinks.
How do fish lose weight? They Swim-fast.
:oscopy - How I abbreviate colonoscopy.
Three girls were waiting for their periods ...
Grad School: Because it's better than saying "I'm still looking."
What's the worst thing about a blackout? A shootout.
Why does Stevie Wonder smile? Because he's better than you.
What do you call a really quiet dog? A subwoofer.
Necrophilia.. It puts the FUN in Funeral
TIL The W in WNBA dosen't stand for "Worse".
To brighten your day http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_sfnQDr1-o
Theres one thing that you can't say on Reddit: [removed]
If you are an option, you are also an idiot
What's next to Moscow? Pa's cow. I'll show myself out...
What is Captain Hook's favorite kind of humor? Dead Pan.
what keeps the lions from leaving the savannah the ele-fence
Where does Dracula keep his valuables? In a blood bank.
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B WASSABI
Someone shit in your fridge? Well get a new family
A black kid asks his father
Few women admit their age; few men act it.
Wanna hear a joke? Modern society
Why are Jews noses so big? Because air is free.
Who's the artist you find in the supermarket? Salvador Deli
*pulls knife out of back* *selfies with it*
what do you call a male suppository? A manpon
The most underused drug is birth control pills.
How does Moses make his tea? He brews it! ;)
Rich people have rehab. Poor people have jail.
*follows Dreams* ~dream doesn't follow back~ ~unfollows Dream~
What do you call a dog wearing headphones? Ear bud
Chuck Norris' erections hum.
'Escalator' is what He-Man's enemy is called in Spain.
Melania Trump's Speech Sorry guys this one's a repost
Were all addicted to something whats your addiction
Definition of a teenager? God's punishment for enjoying sex. 
What kind of tea do wealthy people own? Proper-Tea
When is April 2nd and she is still pregnant! D:
How are baby androids born? From their mother's computerus.
People say I'm a plagiarist Their word, not mine
What do you call a homosexual Frenchman? A faguette.
What do bears take at raves? Maully.
Corduroy pillows.... Corduroy pillows are making headlines!
Why don't sharks eat niggers? They think it's whale shit.
what do you call a crappy sock puppet? sock pooppet
My favorite criminal intent: Robin Hood camping.
*throws caution to the wind* *blows right back into face*
Facebook is down, so don't say prayer doesn't work.
Procrastinating?! Don't even get me started!
extreme jesus died on the motocross
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
You know what really gets on my nerves? myelin
What fruit do Romeo and Juliet eat? Cantelope
Why are mods the worst? [Removed]
My FYI's are becoming TMI's.
2 black people are quickly walking to work get it?
What kind of drugs do ducks take? The snort quack.
What did the Orphan get for Christmas? Lonely.
I'm allergic to alcohol.... I break out in handcuffs.
What do you call a stolen Tesla Car? Edison.
What's the difference between love and herpes? Herpes last forever.
Q: What's the capital of Afghanistan?  A: KABOOM!!
Why does mowgli run away from Shere Khan? Islamophobia.
What do call a Nazi that takes bribes? Paid-off Hitler!
You know who really likes debates? De fish
What are Canadians favorite board game? Sorry
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee grows!
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee grows.
Keep your friends close and your enemies in the freezer.
Rap is 75% Crap...
What kind of overalls does Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
Want to take a look at my benefit package?
Justin Bieber's career died for your sins.
What do you call a carnivore get-together? a meat-up
Lucky that guy in Good Will Hunting liked apples.
What happens when you combine alcohol and literature? Tequila Mockingbird
If anyone asks, we met at a bible study.
How does Liam Neeson like his martini? Taken, not stirred.
What do you call a road full of giraffes? Giraffic.
Umami so fat she gets mistaken for lipid
Baloney, baloney, baloney... salami.
Two men walk into a bar knock knock
What do you call a capital lambda? A sheep-da
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
My GF lost 250 pounds. She dumped me.
"OUI!!" -French Canadian on a water slide.
Did you hear about the Italian chef? He pasta way
What does an Asian man do during an erection? Vote.
What Does A Subatomic Duck Say? QUARK!
"It's been months since I got laid." - Baby chickens
I always disliked my hair but its growing on me.
What does a gay horse eat? Cum
Dogs can't operate an MRI machine but... Catscan.
How do you know if balls are ticklish? Testicle
I'm not usually too good at jokes but um... Tiss
Whats Fred Flintstones favorite drug? Crack Rock.
Transjenner
What did the buffalo call his gay kid? His BiSon.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell
[kitchen] "Please pass the bee-nut butte-" *wife glares* "-the honey"
What's Bill Cosby's favorite part of the house? The roof.
Why doesn't god like bacon? Because he isn't real.
Heard there were some hot deals... at the Baltimore CVS.
Hey, redditors of Cuba ...oh, my bad.
How do you calculate the length of rosemary? Sprigonometry
9/11 jokes They're just too plane
*Goes to work* *Punches clock* *Gets fired for breaking clock*
i found the cure for cancer [deleted]
Yo mama so hairy Bigfoot is taking her picture!
Helen Keller, what color is this dress? ARGGGLLLAGHHHHGAAAAA
Schrodinger's Cat Walks Into A Bar and Does Not...
Why did Obama cross Pennsylvania Ave?
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite restaurant? Sizzle-r
My first child will be named New Folder.
Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
What PC does Adele use? A Dell.
Which dog is always without a tail? A hot dog.
"What?"- pothead owl
"I'm turning into my dad" -worst Animorphs ever
What's the scariest path? The psychopath
How did Feminism start? With an unlocked kitchen door
How do you keep a Redditor in suspense?
How do you catch a WiFi? With an ethernet!
A guy travelling [sic] with his parrot... http://i.imgur.com/rTeps.jpg
Two peanuts walked into a bar. One was assaulted.
What's the capital of Greece? Athens
Nerd joke nicca say wat?
There's something strangely unsettling about the petting zoo selling hamburgers.
The dumbest joke I've ever heard. Donald Trump
Where do Germans go to post shitty memes? NeinGag.
What's the most overused joke nowadays? Donald Trump
Coworker: You're very immature. Me: You're very observant.
What is Forest Gump's email password? 1forest1
What's up? the ceiling
How often do I tell chemistry jokes. Periodically
You're the shampoo in the eyes of my life.
Where do fishes keep their money? In river banks
One day, reddit's admin talked to mods
7/11 Was a part-time job.
What does a baby computer call its father? Da-ta
What's Snoop Dogs favorite type of weather? Drizzle
How do nudists greet each other? With a bare hug.
What laxative did the constipated man ask for? Poop-ease
I came across Jenny's number! 867-5309
What is the politically correct term for Mexicans? Human Beans.
It's been 14 seconds why haven't you replied yet
Cheezus take the wheel! *bud um sch*
There's only 3 blonde jokes... The rest are true stories.
How many nuns were at the library? Absolutely nun
I hate those Babushka dolls... ...they're so full of themselves!
I took an IQ test today.. The results were inconclusive
I just cancelled my gym membership It wasn't working out.
If it screams, it's not food yet
What kind of car does god drive? A Christler
There's safety in numbers. Tell that to 6 million Jews.
ComedyTime: I think I'm a Moth http://www.comedytime.tv/view_video.php?viewkey=5bd5cf89ce39d9690346
Teacher: When do astronauts eat? Pupil: At launch time!
Anal sex is a lot like broccoli makes you fart
"Thanks for the clarification." ~ Melted butter
Some people should come with subtitles.
Did you hear about Chris Brown's latest Hit? Left Hook.
Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? He conditioned it.
There's only one stereotype I like Sony.
What do you call a Mexican burglar? Juanted
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies
What's A Columbian's Favorite Kind of Drink? Coke.
How did Moses make his tea?
How come Peter Pan keeps on flying? Because he Neverlands
Understanding women is like... Smelling the color 3.
What did they call Ebola before the Internet? Bola
How come nobody tells "Nacho" jokes anymore? They're too cheesy.
What does an engineer use for birth control? Their personality.
You know what? It's been a Good Friday.
Why was the transvestite always angry? cross-dressing
I am happy to report this vodka works.
"Maybe again but kind of bad?" - sequels
What rhymes with freedom? Oil
If electricity comes from electrons does morality come from morons?
What do you call a pessimistic clone? A repli-can't!
What is Macauley Culkins favorite salad dressing? Neverland Ranch.
There is nothing more hypocritical than a Buddhist saying, "YOLO"
What do you call a truthful piece of paper? Fax.
What bee is forbidden to the Muslims? Haram-bee
The only nation I will ever rule is.... Procrastination.
America where we celebrate Memorial Day with mattress sales.
How does Avis feel to be #2? It Hertz
What's the best rock to sleep on? bed rock
Horse walks into a bar Bartender "why the long face?"
What did the cannibal have for lunch? Baked beings (beans).
2 hours into dieting] omg I'm so lightheaded
What is the most obvious caretaker? It's a parent.
What is Miley Cyrus's favorite color? Twerquoise
Your so bald I can see what your thinking.
ceimr thats "crime" but in alphabetical order organized crime
The zoo is a pretty safe place to fart.
What does a Chinese restaurant serve for Easter? Coloured eggrolls!
"It's not the principle, it's the money." Spike Milligan RIP
What type of fruit loves chocolate the most? A Coconut.
(getting murdered) please i have a Sims family
What are Hillary Clinton's favorite shoes? Platform Flip flops !
what is a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? Comet
The Incomplete Surveys Institute concluded that 78% of every women
Jokes Why did the ax go to jail
Daddy? What is a tranny? Ask your mother. He knows.
What's Batman's favorite food? Ba-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
What do you use to gamble on vacation? Pair-a-dice!
Sometimes I think... ...but usually I dont.
Where did the universe attend college? At the university.
How long is a Chinese man Seriously, he is.
This one is an oldie but a goodie Your mom
ELI5: Operation of a U-Boat Whoops, wrong sub.
What's long, stiff and full of se(a)men? Maddie McCan
What do numbers look like when they get divorced? 96
My teacher reminds me of history She's always repeating herself!
What animal did they have in concentration camps? Dachau
999 The devil's in the handstands.
What is the core of Uranus called Urectum
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
How do blondes' brain cells die? Alone
Eating clocks is... time consuming. Sorry.
Don't spell "part" backward! It's a trap.
What's Gabe Newell's favourite game? Angry Nerds
When is a bread not kneaded? When it's unnecessary
People shouldn't make rape jokes The laughter is usually forced.
Who the hell came up with 'prolly' for probably?
*getting murdered* Oh, wow, this is totally clearing my sinuses
Why is Jesus Christ so buff? Crossfit
I just invented a new word. 'Plagiarism'
What goes "Tick Tock, woof woof"? A watchdog.
Jokes What did the lion say to the bee
Is this math joke going to be bad? Paraboly
Like they say in Vegas.....always bet on black!!!!
What's Batman's favorite dessert? Just ice cream
Eye jokes aren't funny They're really cornea.
What do Mexicans use to slice pizza? Little Caesers
Can a ninja throw a star? Shur-He-Can
With my luck, I'll die and get reincarnated as myself.
The Japenese Way of Death by Harri Kirri
Which historical invention was the most revolutionary? The wheel :)
Why stop with two L's Lloyd? why?
The bible is 100% accurate when thrown from close range.
Everyone, stop making menstrual cycle jokes. Period.
A man walks into a bar He says "Ow!"
When Shall We Meet Again ? by Miles Apart
Why can't men be accountants? because they don't understand periods
I can't afford Netflix... So how about Putlocker and rape?
Islamic sex dolls... blow themselves up.
What do deviant nuns have? Big bad habits.
Life called: They're all out of lemons. It's over.
What is ISIS's favorite kind of coffee? Decapitated
What's Mohammed, Moses and Noah's favourite dessert? Propheteroles
Chuck Norris does know what Willis is talking about!
what type of beer does a hemorrhoid enjoy? pilesner
Shout "out" to... ...baseball players who have three strikes.
What is Mexico's National Sport? Cross-Country
What's Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Wataaaah!
9/10 people said they enjoyed gang rape
hey pepe hi my name is lyora
I put my phone in airplane mode. Worst. Transformer. Ever.
What literary devices do butchers use? Meataphors.
What is the black stuff between elephants' toes? Slow natives
The NFL just got a new official sponsor. V8
What's Thor's favourite piece of clothing? Thunderpants
Auto correct can go straight to He'll
It would take a pretty stupid robot to replace me.
How did the frog die? He Kermitted suicide
Did you hear the one about the statistician? Probably
Whats Red and bad for your Teeth? A brick.
What do buffalo do when they get sick? They Yak
"So, you're going that way? Cool. Me too." - Dogs
How much does a hipster weigh? .. An instagram
What do bed detectives solve? Pillow cases
http://i.imgur.com/p7HBLoo.jpg Oklahoma rest stops be so nasty.
"Oh snap!" - branches
You'r mum... ...is so **poor** she can't even pay attetntion.
Never date an Olympic Athelete They're all gold diggers
My wife and I just renewed our vows of celibacy.
What ghost is handy in the kitchen? A recipe spook.
The ultimate masochist The submissive: Hit me!!! The masochist: No...
What's another nickname for Donald Trump? ##The Annoying Orange.
In a blind taste test ...Stevie Wonder was delicious
Q: Why does everyone love cats? - A: They're purr-fect!
What do you call an alligator in a vest? Investigator
Microwave minutes are longer than normal minutes.
What is a whale's favorite TV show? Flukes of Hazard!
Lucy in the Sky with Some Splainin' to Do.
What is a baseball dog? One that chases fowls.
Why dogs are called K9? Because cats are K10
What does a dog see in the mirror? A chair
It's not really murder if you're already dead to me.
You wanna know who sounds like an owl?
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
My Level of Maturity Changes Depending On Who I'm With
Roosters are just edible alarm clocks
Yes, autocorrect, I live you too.
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowoman? Snowballs.
Q) What's worse than raining buckets? A) Hailing taxis!
How does a physicist exercise? By pumping ion!
How much do drum shaped sofas cost? 5 dollars per-cushion.
How can complex numbers be real if i's not real?
Hash browns not tags.
*Whispers, spitters are for quitters. ~Wine tasting, you pervs!
A Mexican walks into work...
My 2015 new years resolution 1920x1080
How JokeExplainBot spent his weekend? Explaining his wife.
Left-handed people can't do anything right.
How did hitler tie his shoes? In little nazis
I am finally going to stop procrastinating. Starting tomorrow...
One of my favorite comedians Bill 1/sec(B)
TIFU by reposting Just kidding. You fuckers love reposts.
How do you greet a three-headed monster? Hi, hi, hi.
I'm giving away parachutes for free. No strings attached.
Shouldn't you be on top of the tree, Angel?
Just a reminder that parrots can talk.
What's the difference between a joke and a retorical question?
Tomato/tomahato, potato/potahto, pedestrian/victim. Who cares.
I have the best joke ever My life
Spaghetti, because you didn't like that shirt anyways
Been dry for a while Damn this cast itches.
What do you call a stack of cats. A Meowuntian
What is Batman's favorite sport? Baseball.
What kind of punch hurts the most? A Sandy Hook.
HAPPY NEW YEAR letter to mods AAEEHNPPRWYY
What does an old woman's qwiffy taste life? Depends .
Which elf likes to click pictures? sELFie
Probably the Biggest Joke of all My fucking existence.
Did blacks invent rape? Or did they steal that too?
How did Hitler tie his shoes? With little knotsies.
F-U-C-K Tell her I said hi.
Mass suicide cult leaders are a dying breed
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In littles Nazis.
If you ain't Muslim... ....you ain't Shiite
I'm always ready to go back to sleep
I understand exponents To a degree
What do you call a Cuban Atheist? Infidel Castro.
Q. What did dela wear?(Delaware) A. Her New Jersey
Where do twin lesbians party? Klondike Bar
Can I integrate myself with respect to you?
If you steal somebody's rap lyrics, is it a rob-bar-y?
What spice can't be in sol food? Ginger.
Blind people Gotta hand it to them.
*walks past German Shepherd and nods* Officer...
I'll need a weekend to recover from this weekend.
Mispronouncing French phrases can be a real social fox piss.
What was tina turners pet name for Ike? Beats me
What math classes do gender studies majors take? Triggernometry
Why do women fake orgasms? Because they think we care.
What do you call Magic Johnson in a wheel-chair? *Roll-AIDS*
Where do you drown a hipster? In the mainstream
I'm lazy, but not 'The guy who named blackbirds' lazy.
Velcro.. ..What a rip off.
Never treat a lady like an object It hates that
What's green and smells like pork? Kermit's fingers.
How does a butcher introduce his wife? Meat Patty
Communists only write in lowercase letters because they hate Capitalism.
A Completely Original Joke Oops, I forgot it son-of-a-b***h..!!!
What do you call a Mustard Competition? A Compe*Dijon*
The even numbers said... The odds are against us.
What is a large group of Sperm Whales called? Semen
Am I deceitful? Yes. I am not.
volcano = glory hole for the Gods
Making out with the pharmacist has its percocets...
Irishman Walks Out of A Bar
Funerals are like family reunions minus one
What is Mexico's national sport? Cross Country
What greek letter is always sad? Psi...
I have eight words to say to you....
What's that there? got you
When life gives you melons... ...you probably have dislexia.
What couldn't the cross-eyed teacher do?.... Control their pupils
What is a YouTube Heroes favorite comment? [removed]
What do mathematicians think about exponential functions? They're radical.
A robber went into a music store. Everybody got down.
What do you call a blind dinosaur? Doyouthinkhesaurus
Dubai don't like 'The Flintstones'... Abu Dhabi do.
What is a duck's favorite dance ? The quackstep !
What does Betty White's vagina taste like? Depends.
Who annoyed Polyphemus even more then Odysseus? Nobody
How do you make an Octopus laugh? Give it ten-tickles
Do I like money? $
What happened on Reddit yesterday? A pao-erful change
"I" before "E" Except after "old McDonald had a farm."
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth-hurty.
- Are you upset? Typing... Typing... Typing... Typing... - No.
Its not pretty being easy.
What did the dog say to the old tree? #Bark
I like my cream like I like my slaves. Whipped
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? To prevent Hispanic attacks
Who makes the sandwiches in a lesbian relationship?
What is Robb Stark's least favorite band? The Fray
Yo Mama so fat she gives herself group  hugs!
The inventor of puppets must have been really fucking lonely.
"Oh fuck, of course!" -unicycler seeing a bicycle
Got Abs bro? Abs olutely.
Never share secrets with bank employees, they're all tellers.
How dare you incinerate that I don't know big words.
What did the Urologist tell his newly accepted resident? Urine.
*throws keys at nearest sober person* DRIVE ME HOME PEASANT
How was Jackie Gleason put into his casket? Crammed in.
Of course Jesus saves. He's Jewish.
How do you annoy people on Reddit? [removed]
Can't whistle? That's okay! We prefer hummers anyway!
What is Jose Cuervo's favorite book? Tequila Mockingbird.
What are people afraid of puns called? Homophonic I'm sorry...
What car do polite cowboys drive? Audi!
'...um....' - the first cow ever milked
What 8-letter word has one letter in it? Envelope.
We call her Skippy... because she's so easy to spread.
Whats an African dad joke? Hi starving! I'm dad!
Why do cows have hooves? Because they lactose.
The UN general assembly.
My boobs float because they're above C level.
What's worse than putting the punchline in the title?
Shout out to my arms They're always by my side
"Don't tell anyone" = "Tell 10 people you trust" right?
Everyone at this whistling convention looks extremely suspicious.
What do people in Colorado eat on 3/14/15? Pot pie.
Two mods and TheG18 walk into a bar... [dongered]
What's an electrical engineers favorite flavor of ice cream? Shocklate.
What does a nosy pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
What do you use to find Greek restaurants? A gyroscope.
Wind turbines. I'm a big fan.
Ever have sex while camping? It's fucking intents
Him: Your beautiful.... Me: My beautiful what? My beautiful WHAT?!!
How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheberg.
Your mother has terrible taste in children.
I enjoy romantic scrolls up and down your timeline.
brb, taking out the trash so I took out 9gag
Donald Trump is Mac user He's definitely not PC
What is Adam's brother called? Subtractem
What's a narcissist's favorite color? Reflection
What is Ke$ha's computer password? Pa$$word
What does Optimus Prime say on 4-20? Autobots, roll up!
myself. Sometimes I get ahead of
What's ISIS's favourite band? Koran Koran.
What does glass taste like? Blood.
How did the blonde chip her teeth? using a vibrator
Fishermen are reel men.
Bad puns run in the family... I guess they're he**reddit**ary
Why does nobody like Tigger? Because he plays with Pooh.
An original joke. Sorry, wrong subreddit.
It's a shame push-up bras don't work on IQs.
Why do women have sex? Because they have to.
What do books wear on a rainy day? Rain Quotes
What do you call a corny joke? A maize zing!!!
I have the cutest bird in the world... ...a Jackd'awww.
What do you call an Penguin with dandruff? Frosted Flakes
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? ....Dr Dre.
Why couldn't the NSA go outside? They were Snowden.
What do you call two gay chickpeas? Hummusexuals.
What does Tarzan sing at Christmas? Jungle Bells
What do you call a famous Internet pirate? Blackneckbeard.
Have you guys ever had Ethiopian food? Neither have they
I didn't choose the pervert life,the pervert life chose me.
What kind of bike does hipster Jesus ride? A Cruci-fixie.
I don't like Russian dolls... They're so full of themselves
We are happily married She's happy, and I am married!
What professional hates going to the bar? A lawyer
What is brown and sticky? ..........A Stick
Manslaughter. The sound of a man laughing?
Guy- What's your sign? Me- Stop
How did Mace die in Star Wars? Through the Windu
Wanna hear a minimalist joke? What's the difference between oranges?
My new year's resolution is... ...running at 1680 x 1050
What's a metaphor? Winning the game tournament!
What does a rapper use to write their songs? Word,yo.
What happens to a gay man every month? Manstruation
How do terrorists like their apple pie? Allah mode.
What do you call pickled bread? Dill-dough
The less you know, the more you think you do.
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue.
My grades are getting better Sike, that's the wrong subreddit
What's a Buddhist's favorite physics law? Om's Law.
Why is there no gambling in Africa? Too many Cheetahs.
Why couldn't the two melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Why is there no gambling in Africa? Too many Cheetahs!
What do you call an obese terrorist? Osama Bin Eating
Blind people can drive... Just mostly into things.
When you refuse to pay your exorcist: ...you get repossessed.
Where does Santa's stripper mom work? The North Pole
Why can't java programmers see well? Because of the eclipse.
Why arent there any Socialist entrepreneurs? Seriously I dont know.....
I stop drinking !!!!!!!!!!!!! .......but only when I sleep.
Jokes about the handicapped aren't funny. They're lame.
I found ISIS's website... It's the bomb dot com!
What do you call imitation Vietnamese noodle soup? Faux.
*Pulls out pin* *Throws fire extinguisher*
WHAT DO WE WANT? no more interruptions! WHEN D now!
what's called smart annoying orange a knowing orange
How do you view lesbian relationships? 1080p
Don't trust atoms. Don't trust atoms, they make up everything.
What type of battery does The Fonz use? AAAA
How do you approach an angry Welsh cheese? Caerphilly.
What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeno business!
Her: "I'm Romanian". Me: Like the lettuce?!
Mike wazowski opens up a tattoo shop Called Monsters Ink
Ever met the human version of a headache?
What's Adolf Hitler's favourite computer game? Mein Kraft.
What is invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts
*offers Batman cough drops*
What goes after foursome? Awesome...
What kinds of boobs are popular in the workplace? Pos-tits.
Never underestimate the power of carefully worded nonsense.
What do you call a cow with five legs? Rare.
Chuck Norris doesn't play god. Playing is for children.
What did Sushi A say to Sushi B WASA B!
Cliffhangers I like cliffhangers, and I cannot
What do you call a slutty clown? The town unicycle.
Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector.
What do you call a joke on drugs? Highlarious
Why did the Redgaurd's toe hurt? His Hammerfell
The words synonym and antonym are antonyms. Well played, antonym.
REAL '90s kids will recognize this! ---> Current unemployment.
What gym did Socrates go to? The Y.
Why are fish so smart? They are always in schools!
What would make Batman really salty? Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-Cl-
What did Tennessee? What Arkansas.
Got involved in an alcohol-related pyramid scheme... What a champaign.
Double cheeseburgers don't make you fat, eating them does.
Mein kampf es su kampf
How do you make a hormone? Don't pay the b!tch.
The West Coast is so last year
What do you call potato friends? Spuddies
My browser history indicates true mental instability
Who has the best K/D ratio? Hitler.
Why do demons love apostrophes? They show possession.
The spork is the hermaphrodite of utensils.
Love the F word... Friday! What were you thinking?
What do you call silly pasta? A noodlehead..
What is the American national day for vampires? Fangsgiving Day.
Scat and feces... Different names for the same shit.
My favorite thing about myself is that I'm humble.
What happens when Donald Trump takes cialis? He grows taller.
Family...Friends....Fun...Fridays. All good things start with "F".
An Irishman... An Irishman walks out of a bar.
Please help! I desperately need a joke about an Irishman.
Corduroy pillows: They're making headlines!
I love using sign language It's a real hands-on experience.
I have a love hate relationship... Fuck everyone else.
Knock knock -Who's there? -Ala -Ala who? -AKBAR
r/politics That is all.
Attention r/Jokes! Will the real Steven Hawking please stand up?
Chuck Norris can ride his bike with no handlebars..............or wheels
What does a cheetah call Usain Bolt? Fast food
Why was the tree stretching? So it could be timber!
What do you call mexicans who are stoned? Baked beans.
Who does a hypocrite really hate? A hypocrite!
What's brown and rhymes with snoop?
What did the dog get at the vet? [FIXED]
ELI5: Why doesn't BMW install turn signals on their cars?
Which concert costs 45 cents? 50 Cent feat Nickelback
Oedipus Complex Like father, like son!
Why is Vanilla Ice scratching his head? Lice. Lice, maybe.
I heard German invented new DDR-memory... It's called "cyclone bee"
What is ISIS? They are Radical!!! Please don't hurt me....
What's Gemma Teller's favorite herb? Taragon
Why did the Reddit cross the line?
What's a pirate's favorite letter? Marque and reprisal.
What's a confederates favourite school festival? the Sumner fete.
I want to be the area under your curves.
I don't trust atoms. Because they make up everything
What do you call a sober Irishman? A liar.
I have a stepladder I never knew my real ladder
What's a blind person's least favorite theme park? Seaworld
Your mother...
Smoking cures ham.
What is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? Wataaaaah!
I don't do cocaine I just like to smell it
One can't fly, but a toucan.
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. His summer was ok.
How does every racist joke start? *looks around the room*
What do you call a bear with no hair? Bare
what do you call a pile of kittens? a meowntain
Shortest joke I know. Dwarf shortage.
Pepsi backwards... Is pep
Why nuns don't wear bras? God supports everything.
Why was the tree in prison because it committed treeson
I recently opened a suicide bomb store Business is booming
Q's are just O's that got shanked.
Knock knock Whos there? Meg Whites most complex drum beat.
Relationships are like fat people... Most don't work out!
What do fishermen say on Halloween?  "Trick-or-trout!"
Awww... -So you love me too?! ...kward
Your Mother is like Communism... Shared by everyone.
Where does a divine beaver live? A God Dam!
Why is there no Windows 9? Because 7 8 9.
Where do suicide bombers go when they die? Everywhere!
What are Isreali candies known for? A jewy center
Did you hear about the wooden car? Wooden move
Where do suicide bombers go when they die? Everywhere.
What do you call a black ninja? Incog-negro.
What can fly but can't be given? A fuck.
Draw me like one of your French Fries.
Yo mama's so ugly... Scorpion yelled "STAY OVER THERE!"
At the South Pole by Anne Tarctic
I tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist.
I guy stumbled into a bar..... ...**OUCH**
I bet The Flintstones make those guys at PETA furious.
What size clothes do fortune tellers wear? Medium.
Winners don't do drugs... It chaffs the willy.
Man I really hate calculus. It just derives me crazy
What do you call a white duck? A quacker
The dyslexic devil worshiper... sold his soul to Santa.
Stupid people aren't flammable enough.
why is six afraid of seven ANSWER :because 789
Time flies in Italy.... ...Everywhere you look, another Dago's by.....
What is your favorite knick knock joke? Do tell.
You are the joke ..... Yes seriously!
Did you hear about the hipster compound? It's ionic.
I one the sandwich.
Best Joke of all Time Civil Rights Act of 1866
My donkey ate my Christmas tree...total pine in the ass.
TIFU in a hot air balloon ... It was amazing.
The Miami Dolphins....
I like Freudian Slips as much as the next gay.
What's a racist's favorite race? The 3k.
Jesus??? Nah, Vishnu is my copilot...he's got like 4 arms.
What's the cure for world hunger? Food
How do you think the unthinkable? With an Ithberg
We the People ~~We the People~~ We the electoral college
CHOPSTICK IS LIFE CHOPSTICK IS LOVE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lC39oeMwCJ8
What do you call a pirate's girlfriend? His soulmatey
How can your make 7 even? Take away the "S"
My love for shampoo is unconditioner.
Yo mama so fat she can't fit in a car
What for you call a motivated mannequin? Mannecan
What is a prostitute's favorite region of America? The Bayou
What's the fastest thing on land? Stevie Wonder's speedboat.
Q: Why are pirates so popular? A: They just arrrr.
On your MARK, get wet, RUFFALO.
whoreplacedmyspacebarwithaclappingemojiIneedtofinishmypaperstonightpleasehelpme
What's the reverse of a blindfold A burka
what if God. Israel?
In a parallel universe nobody can park.
Be alert! The world needs more lerts
A man walks into a bar.. Ouch.
House for sale. Spider on ceiling.
want to hear a word I just made up? plagarism
You know the worst thing about oral sex? The view.
Where does an ape sleep? In an apricot.
What's a comedian's favorite candy? Laffy Taffy.
How does Bob Marley like his sandwiches? Wi' jam in
What's Sisyphus' least favourite type of music? Rock and Roll.
Xbox exclusive games
I found a place with a 98% recycling rate /r/jokes
You can't say Happiness without... ... Penis.
I'm sorry, I don't find you arousing. No hard feelings.
That's about as useful as... ...Anne Frank's drumkit.
Is this subreddit a vacuum? Because it sure does suck.
What kind of chocolate swims in the ocean? scubGodivas.
Never trust stairs, They're always up to something.
Why did the Wise Man get 25 to life? Myrrhder
People are like a crayons The white ones are useless.
What do you call an elephant on drugs? Tranquilized.
What's a nun's favorite fruit? cantaloupe
Who wrote "The Tiger's Revenge"? Claude Balls
What do you call a boring Muslim? Abdull.
When is the only time you're not American? When European.
How do you call a gay Jew? Heblew.
I have a photographic memory it just hasn't developed yet
"Deodorant?" - Foreigners
What do witches ring for in a hotel? B-room  service.
what idiot named it erectile dysfunction instead of ballzheimer's
"I gave that guys wife a pearl necklace" -Oysters
Say, Ernie, want some Ice Cream? Sherbert
Wanna hear a rape joke? No? That's what she said.
Shoutout to Beethoven!
Why was the Planters employee fired? He was fucking nuts.
What is a Canadian's favourite letter? Eh?
Chuck Norris caught all pokemons. With nokia 3310.
What's the iPhone's favorite football team? The Chargers.
*Puts down phone* OH MY GOD I HAVE ANOTHER HAND!
What driver doesn't have a  license? A screw driver.
An Irishman walks out of a bar. Badum, ssssshhhhhhh
For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism.
Which US state has the smallest soft drinks? Minisoda
What's my favorite pirate workout and cereal? Captain Crunch
[NSFW] What's an English man's favourite sexual activity? Teabagging
Wanna hear a joke? Politics.
I have a rain fetish. It really gets me wet.
Why can a Cheetah not hide? Because it's always spotted.
Why can't Helen Keller drive? ...Because she's dead.
People who are afraid of pedophiles Need to grow up
What does a rotting corpse say? idk
How do you detach frogs leg You Ribbit
What does God have in common with Black Fathers?
What's a frat boy's favorite toy company? Hasbrah.
How does Moses make his coffee? He-brews it
What did the sushi say to the bee? Wasabi.
What kind of organization is Atheism? Non-prophet.
biggest lie in the word. i love wife
How does Shrek describe his sex with Fiona? Medi-Ogre
Q: What does Saddam want for Thanksgiving ?  A: Turkey.
What do Japanese guys do when they have erections? Vote
Why don't hipsters like rivers? Too mainstream
I'm terrified of elevators I take steps to avoid them
Why do lesbians always win against journalists? Scissors beats paper.
What is Marlon Brando's favorite beer? STELLA!
My Chinese friend died today... So Yung
My keyboard squeaks and so does my mouse.
What did Abe Lincoln say when he was arrested? I'm-in-a-cent!
My mule is pretty lazy... ... Always doing half-assed work.
What do you call a European using the bathroom? 'You're-a-peein"
What did the perverted frog say? Rubbit
What type of curry sets fire to the rain? A-Dhal
I had sex and all I got were these kids.
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite movie? IT'S FUCKING FROZEN
What separates humans and animals? The Mediterranean sea.
I'm so pro-life, I believe life begins at erection.
To those who want to join the conversation. Don't.
You can't put a price on slippery lemons.
Women- God's version of a Rubik's cube.
DONALD TRUMP DROPPED OUT!! April Fools :(
What is 6 afraid of 7? Because size matters.
Two mormons walk into a bar...
What is the Mexicans favorite credit card company? Capital Juan
The Big Bang Theory: God Spoke and BANG! it happened. 
What idiot called it "insomnia" and not "resisting a rest"?
What does a deaf math nerd speak? Sine language.
Maybe a repost but still one of my favorites [Deleted]
What do guys like but are afraid of? Girls
How does a comedian like his eggs? Funny side up
What's the objective of Jewish football? To get the quarterback.
She called me ugly I called her an ambulance
How to Feed Elephants by P. Nutts
What do you call a drunk Muslim? Muhammered.
I got my head cut off [removed]
This just in. My fingers.
Abortion jokes never get old.
Penis jokes are not funny especially the short ones.
I have a joke Susan Boyle
What do you call the god of cheese? Cheesus
50 Cent has about 50 cents left
Oxygen and magnesium went on a date... OMg!
What do you call a gay paraplegic? Rolaids.
Which character of Pokemon is a jew? Ash
Pedophiles... are fucking immature assholes
The NFL these days Hide yo kids, hide yo wife
*Moses opens tablet* You have TEN unread commandments.
Why can't Z generationers swim? Their phones would get wet.
What do gay alligators eat for breakfast? Cockadiles
What do you call a fake noodle? an impasta...
Where does a fish keep it's money? The river bank.
Has anyone ever tried Ethiopian food? neither have they
Wow I'm hungry. I haven't eaten all year.
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words!
If she's wong.... she cant be white.
Do you know Andy Griffith's wife? OP's mom
  ! #16 UgarUp    2015  2015 ...
OP worked at a pizza restaurant OP delivered  ^^^^^^pizza
What does 83 year old pussy taste like? Depends
What do you call an alcoholic Mormon? An oxymormon
What language do they speak in Holland? Hollandaise.
It's Autism Awareness Day Just letting you all know
What did Spock find in the toilet? Captain's log.
Joke of the year. /r/politics
Knock knock... Who's there? An owl says...
Are you today's date? Because you're only 1/10.
UCLA opened a new campus coffee shop It's called "Brewins"
what kind of sunglasses doe Janay Rice wear? Ray-Bans!
Bernie Sanders
Chuck Norris can run up a flight of stairs backwards.
I dislike the word "kidnapping"... I prefer "surprise adoption".
wait, THESE are pistachios? i've been calling them wood clams
memes http://imgur.com/qe7LBx5 there
A frog goes into a bank... Only to *robbit*.
My bowel is upset. Must be full of shit.
Context is Key She's so coy. Is she part fish?!
I'm addicted to algebra I can't **function** without it!
My pillow has down syndrome.
What's the food equivalent to Rachel Dolezal? ...a hamburger.
Friends are like penguins If you stab it, it dies.
What do you call and eight sided dildo? A cocktopus.
Taught a man how to BUY fish. So much easier.
If cats could talk, they'd probably yell "PARKOUR" a lot.
Donald trump
Conjunctivitis.com That's a site for sore eyes
Why was 6 scared? Because 7 was a 6 offender.
I just saw the pope in the restroom Holy shit
Free beer tomorrow!
I tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist
What does the highest paid WNBA player make? Sandwiches.
An Irishman walk out of a bar.
How can there be self-help 'groups'?
Two guys stole a calendar They both got six months
What's the handicapped parking situation at the special Olympics?
What is Whitney Houston's best kind of coordination? Hand EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEE
Give 100% in everything you do Except giving blood
A magician turns into a driveway...
What's white and can't climb trees? A refrigerator
BANGkok Too soon?
Im voting Hillary Clinton this year. Because she dosnt suck
I'm about 20% more confident when chewing gum.
When's a door not a door? When it's ajar
Marmite ... But paw may not.
What do tigers wear in bed ? Stripey pyjamas !
Wanna hear a joke about blimps? It'll never fly.
Say what you will about deaf people...
What do you call a budget circumcision? A rip off.
Does this cubicle make me look dead inside?
Corny Japanese Cartoons Ani-maize ...I'll leave now.
How you compliment an Italian cheese maker? "Gouda worka"
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish.
I once got a d in school. It was degrading.
A fish that goes against the current Dies electrocuted
What do you call a stolen Tesla? An Edison.
Why don't kleptomaniacs understand puns? They always take things literally.
Biggie Smalls always hated mediums.
What do you call a militant whovian A **whooligan**
Diarrhea is genetic. It runs in your jeans.
I was checking into a hotel the other week.....
How do you pronounce "nihilism?" It doesn't matter
Which cheese is made backwards? Edam! (Kill me)
Where do fleas go to surf? To the microwave.
5 out of 6 people enjoy playing Russian Roulette.
I like my beer how I like my violence... Domestic
What do you get for breaking news? Newscasts
Why is Yoda afraid of 7? Because 9, 7 8.
Donald Trump That's the whole joke.
I have Tourettes you fucking bitch.
Is divorce spelled with one bottle of champagne or two?
What did a Vegetarian Cannibal eat? Stephen Hawking.
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower.
Baby joke http://suryakanthi.info/baby-jokes/
What does a Blond do every Sunday? Swallow Jesus.
I can't stand pedophiles. They're fucking immature assholes.
You'll never get hemorrhoids... because you're a perfect asshole.
Congratulations to Amy Winehouse For being sober one year.
Boys, save your Bottle Caps Trump just became president.
What are feminists best at in mathematics? TRIGGER-nometry
I saw a squirrel pooping the other day. Shit's Nuts...
firemen keep harvesting my cat tree
Oh, topical reference. You sure are about something.
What do you call coffee on the floor? Ground Coffee.
Have you had a German hotdog? They're the wurst
Why was the pianist arrested? He was assaulting A Minor.
Do you know karate? Cause your body's kickin!
You can never trust an atom... they make up everything.
What is a Sloth's favorite breakfast food? Slothages.
Computer dating is fine... if you are a computer.
A thing of booty is a joy foreva...
What do you call a retired professional swimmer? Washed up.
Afroman was going to vote. But then he got high..
Are you today's date? Because you're 10/10.
I have a big butt and I can not lie.
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? Aids.
What's the number one cause of pedophilia? sexy kids
What country most despises cars that run on gasoline? Mad-at-gas-cars!
eyy gurl, r u part beaver??? cuz dam baby
What do you call a gay couch? A homo-sectional.
Fucking dick shit condoms
This documentary on tree frogs is absolutely ribbiting.
What porn do sea animals watch? Prawnography
What is Bear Grylls' favourite web browser? Internet *explorer*!
What types of trees never get Christmas presents? Knotty Pines.
Why are tampons always grumpy? Because they're stuck up cunts.
What's an astrounaut's favorite key on keyboard? The space bar
The worst thing about browsing reddit is [removed]
They called themselves geologists because stoners was already taken.
What is the opposite of prostitute? Constitute, of course
There are only 3 types of redditors... Those that post,
Have you ever had sex while camping? Is fucking intense...
What's a lawyer's favorite type of cake? Torte
I have to poop like the Joker... really, really bad.
What's in a name? Mainly, letters that make sounds.
What is the coolest food on the planet? Burr-ito!
Who called it "the equals sign" and not "the aftermath"?
Reddit's search function
Marriage is like fruit Honeydew this, Honeydew that...
What you call a Dildo with six heads? Hail Hydra!
What did the hungry boss give his worker? Their celery!
I have this Jewish friend. Hebrew beer for a living.
http://reddit.com/r/MensRights/
I hate being bi-polar.It's awesome.
Why can't Ray Charles see his friends? ....because he's married.
Is it ok to use my AM radio after  NOON?
How does Stephen Hawking refresh after a long day? F5
TIL 78% of statistics are made up on the spot
Sausage festivals... They're the wurst kind.
When is a door not a door?? When it's ajar.
Just got a text from Bill Cosby "Netflix and pill?"
Who took in most refugess? The Mediterranian Sea.
*says grace before snorting a fat rail of cocaine*
My ex-wife is like Barbie... The bitch has everything.
I made a new app for Muslim wrestlers. iSlam
I'm only racist when I'm driving.
I really like non-sequiters But I prefer irony.
Me + Bed + Pillow = Best threesome ever.
The acronym NASCAR stands for: Non-Athletic Sport Centered Around Rednecks
How do stick men play fetch with their dog?
I have the body of a god Shame it's Buddha
"Man I hate tacos!" Said no Juan ever.
Women should come with permanent mood rings.
You just lost the game.
What do you call a sort-of cool vegetable? A Radish
My analogies are like vacuums.... They suck.
When should you buy a bird? When it's going Cheep.
"just got my rejection letter from MENSA" -idiots.
What do you call a salty white person? A saltine.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? They Lactose.
*malia passes me a joint* thanks obama
Reinventing Yourself http://dryinginside.blogspot.com/2012/10/reinventing-yourself-doesnt-always-work.html
I just read Fahrenheit 451. That book is lit.
To use Google efficiently, write like Tarzan. "good tacos boston"
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer
Russell Crowe had an affair with Meg Ryan He's gladiator.
What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts
Yo mama so old she ran track with dinosaurs.
What's a monsters favorite play? Romeo and Ghouliet
#1 Handjob Tip for Women: Use your mouth.
What's a Rabbis' favorite drink? Semenade
My problem is, I'm about 30% stud, and 70% muffin.
Steam Greenlight
Did you hear about the missing dalmatian? It's been spotted.
Women are just like wine In my cave.
Shawty: Where's the naan brad Lad: there's naan left...
Broom advocates for cleaner work environment.
I used to be conceited, ... but now I'm perfect.
What should you wear when drinking tea? A tea-shirt.
I've got 0 problems... and math is one of them.
Hey yogurt, settle down with the commercials. You're YOGURT!
How do dogs order eggs at restaurants? Pooched.
What do you call a gay cripple? Tomato.
What's a frog's favorite place on the internet. "Reddit."
Why do SJWs like cancer? Because it doesn't discriminate.
What's the most common "last words"? Allah Hu Akbar
Clickbait... ... it works everytime!
Life caught me caring and punished me accordingly.
What do you call a black attorney? A brotha-in-law
I'm 1% inspiration, 1% perspiration, 98% masturbation.
What does a philosopher put his/her food on? A contemplate
What's the Islamist term for acceptable internet humor? Ha-lol.
The largest circle jerk on the planet? http://i.imgur.com/fXivJ5X.jpg [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/fXivJ5X.jpg)
Where do criminal spiders hang out? The deep web
If you hate awkward silences, then necrophilia isn't for you.
How much sex does one of God's brides have? Nun
Why couldn't Led Zeppelin play pinball? They had No Quarter
Don't make me use UPPERCASE.
Meet my new lizard friend... He's my newt!
never trust an atom they make up everything
Peek-a-Boo! by I. C. Hugh
Hitler sponsors a 10k... He calls it the "Master Race"
Knock Knock
What's Adrian Peterson's favorite gaming system? Nintendo Switch
What makes a ISIS joke funny? The execution.
My wife with a hearing aid died RIP headphone users
I think I owe my vibrator a Valentines Day card.
How do you say "bra" in german? CUZITHODZITFOMFOPIN.
What's Spider-Man's least favourite rice brand? Uncle Ben's...
What will never be read in braille? Do not touch.
Cross posted to r/Christianity
How to piss off the JokeExplainBot?
What do you call a cheap circumcision? Rip-off.
Why did the perv leave? Because he came.
What do you call a deaf Gynocologist? A lip reader.
wanna here my to do list your mum
Whats blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint
When god gives you AIDS... Make Lemon AIDS!!!
What do you call a mobile homes for rabbits? Wheelburrows!
What do you call four Mexicans in quick sand Quatro'sinco'ses
(-1) 23   and it was delicious.
Go to bed barstool. You're drunk
There's a fine line... Between a numerator and a denominator.
Where do Muslims go when they die? Everywhere
How's it hanging? directly below the point of suspension
Say "Unreliable Airline" three times fast. Delta Delta Delta
I went for a depression test. Came back negative.
A girl's best asset is her lie' ability
Black magic.... It doesn't work.
Say what you want about deaf people.
3 mods walk into a bar. [removed]
What rabbit wears on his back while flying? Eagle
Q: What do you call a Blind Dinosaur? A: Do-ya-think-he-saurus.
"Thanks for nothing, Evolution." - Flightless Birds
When does 1+1=3? ..... When you don't use a condom.
Take a trip to Japan and wash away your worries!
What does Bruce Lee drink when he's thirsty? Wa-TAH!
horror story in 4 words good morning, president trump.
I'm giving away my dead batteries. They're free of charge.
My OC Comic "Punguins" tell me what you think! http://penguinproductions.org/comics?id=1
What's a philosophers favorite toy? Plato
How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? AIDS
What's Mexico's national sport? Cross country
What do you call rich Mexicans? The Juan percent.
In Russia, Jesus finds you.
What is rhubarb? Celery with high blood pressure.
What do you call an average ogre? Mediogre.
Where does a toilet keep his secrets? In his diarrhea.
What's brown and sticky A stick
There is no "ea" in Tim.
What's the best thing about fucking 93 year olds? NOTHING!!!
Knock knock! (Who's there?) Not Abe Vigoda.
What do you call the bad part of Italy? Spaghetto.
What do you call a vietnamese turkey? Gobbledy gook.
Who writes books for little bees ? Bee-trix Potter !
What do you call a nosy pepper? jalapeno business!
Life is a soup And i am a fork
TIFU by posting on the wrong subreddit hehe
What's Varys the Spider's favorite OS? Unix
Why do women fake orgasms? because they think men care.
What do you call someone that steals shoes? A sneaker.
How does a frog fasten two objects together? Rivets.
50 Great Jokes From The Edinburgh Fringe
What did Dr Dre cook for Thanksgiving? Beats.
What do you call an Islamic mosquito? A 'mosque-ito'.
I got mugged by 6 dwarves... .... not Happy.
What kind of health insurance does a llama need? Ollamacare
9 out of 10 depressed people are not positive thinkers.
Why did Saint Francis cry? Someone called him Assisi.
It's 4:20!
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 122, 123, 124!
The History Channel
What do rednecks do on Halloween? Pumpkin.
Why does Snoop Dog carry and umbrella? Fo-Drizzle
Riding a car... A man, in *curve*, skids.
Why does Freud always have a cigar? Penis envy.
American... .. history
Man, I sure love gravity It's really down to earth
A plateau is the highest form of flattery. That's it...
I don't even have a theory where Malaysia is.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Lickalotopuss
"My advice to you: subtlety." - The Joker, to Trump
What do you call a Chinese Pilot? A Pilot.
A dyslexic man walks in to a bra...
If mummies are from egypt, then where are daddies from?
What do you call a female driver? Carol.
What is a bee Know any bee jokes
How do Germans tie their shoes? In little nazis
Just updated my resume. Changed 'ambitious' to 'am-no-longer-bitious'.
What does a black Santa say? Hoe, hoe, hoe.
Just bought Rosetta Stone for Starbucks.
"Haha" - me when I don't understand the reference
What's a balloon's favorite genre of music? Pop.
I masturbate about myself masturbating about myself masturbating... Inceptcestuous.
"Boo!" A priest startles. It was the holy ghost.
Knock knock -Who's there? Allah. -Allah who? [Allahu akbar!]( http://i.imgur.com/ifn9enX.jpg)
What has a bottom at the top? Your legs.
In the future everyone will be older.
What do cats read in the morning ? Mewspapers !
Half Indian I have a friend who's half Indian. Ian.
&gt;Get text. Is Letterman. &gt;Pet tricks and chill?
*Licks the fire in your soul *Burns tongue
Chicken pot pie my three favorite things in life...
I like my slaves like i like my cream whipped
What goes "Ooooooooooo!"? A cow with no lips.
A party without Vodka is just a meeting.
What do you call electricity still flowing today? Current.
Being a vegetarian is a big missed steak.
Quick question: can I breastfeed if I've had implants?
Why couldn't the bicycle stand anymore? It was two tired.
Why not call baby pigs "hamlets" ?
What does Sarah Palin eat when she's high? Baked Alaska
If you were antipencil, would you be erasist?
Thank you 2015 for... Bees?
This post is a broken pencil It is pointless.
What did the Muslim Sonic say? Gotta go fast.
took a girl to starbucks because i forgot her name
I can't stand cripple jokes
I raped myself today. It sucks being a schizophrenic hermaphrodite.
What's Homer Simpsons favourite toy? Bart.
All the Prince jokes here Who the fuck is/was Prince.
What do you call a ban-worthy girl A banshee
What kind of bees give you milk Boobies
Can February march? April may.
Jokes about female hygiene are totally inappropriate Period.
Jesus Saves ... and Esposito scores on the rebound!
What building has the most stories to tell? The library.
What's the difference between Trump and cancer? Cancer killed Jobs
Decent One Liner! A seal walks into a club.
What is the name of Bruce Lee's crippled brother? Broccoli
I got a joke MySpace
Women's underwear Half-assed and still successful
What is a pirate's favorite letter? C
What do sexist horses eat? Hay hay hay.
Why can't moccasins play the blues? They've got no sole.
2017 "Did you just assume my species?"
What do you call a balding Native American? A patchy..
Did you hear about the kidnapping? They woke him up.
I schedule my appointments for 9:11 so I never forget.
Why don't lesbians cook? They prefer to eat out.
How do you like your eggs? Poached, scrambled or fertilized?
American Dance Music haha
Why can't Jesus eat a cheeseburger? Because he's dead.
Knock knock (....) Interrupting journalist (.. Bang Bang.... bang!
For breakfast this morning... I had ebola cereal!
Vaccinated kids will get this... Autism.
How did the feminist die? Alone
What do Indian girls have at sleepovers? Pilau Fights.
If sex was my religion, I'd be an athiest.
Volkswagen.
Why people hate Billy Mays jokes because they're corny.
How much does a hipster weigh? One instagram.
How much does a hipster weigh? One instagram!
WARNING: Big Spoiler Inside! http://www.dswens.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/P1130541.jpg
What do you call an exemplary black housewife? Do'mestique
What was the first porn movie about Rappers called? Lewdicrous
Home Alone is so unrealistic, the robbers aren't even black!
Do homeless people understand knock knock jokes?
What do you call a pen without style? Stylus.
A valentine? IN THIS ECONOMY?!?
What's a priest's favorite X-men? A-Men.
When beer and cheese isn't the answer... Change the question
What fruit can't get married? Cantaloupe
Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
What are a boyfriend's two most dreaded words? Missed.
What comes after March? April, fools!
Ever had Ethiopian food? ...neither have they.
What's a redneck family reunion called? (NSFW) pump-kin
Hey girl, are you Karma? ...because Karma is a bitch.
what after c? deez nut!
carpe natem Translate it if you don't know Latin.
Where do Jewish people go to think? Concentration Camps.
What do you call an Indian Jedi? Mace Hindu.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? a Roman Catholic.
What is Mexico's favorite sport? Cross country
What's the most confusing day in Harlem?? Father's Day.
Midgets resent the concept of shorts
Who's the most racist super hero? White Power Ranger!
How come Noah didn't just slap those two mosquitoes?
What do you call a blind deer? No eye deer
Still waiting for the day I can illegally download groceries
"I love accounting!" -Italian guy who loves to count.
Idiots are fun, no wonder every village wants one.
Wine improves with age, I improve with wine.
How does Harry Potter do web design? Inspecto Elemento
A woman walks into a bar... "Ouch!" she yelled.
I wasn't there when you told me not to stay.
One man's sprinkler is another man's bidet
How do you brainwash a liberal? Give him an enema
Hellen Keller list!!
I hate having to walk behind a car... It's exhausting.
Some people that are into devotism are fucking idiots.
What do you call a pachyderm that doesn't matter? Irrelephant.
What are Mario's pants made out of? DenimDenimDenim
What do you call a blind german? A not-see
Keep on Trying by Percy Vere
Knock knock. Who's there? To. To who? It's "to whom."
Whom does Ban Ki-Moon revolve around? Ban Ki-Earth.
"You're better than that" is almost never true
What are sardines? A little fish that smells like fingers.
Doing shots with a bunch of coked-up velociraptors.
What do you call smart boobs? Scientits
What do you call kids born in whorehouses? Brothel Sprouts
Where do cows like to live? St. Moo-is.
My wife was on eBay this afternoon... No bids yet
Anyone hungry? I read there's some leftover cat.
Why are fish so thin? Because they eat fish!
Jokes are like women I never get them
Why are magnets so arousing? They're very attractive.
I'm doing asbestos I can.. dealing with mesothelioma.
Alexis Ohanian
We all will get this Tired of these jokes
Sorry, I'm holding out for the Zune Mini.
Don't blindfold an Asian with a shoe lace. That's lacist.
Did you hear that Robin got married? Holy Matrimony, Batman!
Politics is just show business for ugly people.
What were the photocopier's last words? Good night, sweet prints...
Hey bartender, pour me another, I see ugly people.
People that can't walk are so lame
A greek guy is bullied on the interwebs... grekt
Do math majors get degrees or radians?
What's brown and rhymes with 'Snoop'? Dr Dre
Why was 9 afraid of 10? Because 10 11 12.
Where is Wall Street? Between Mexico and the US.
Hilary's reaction to learning Bill has been cheating. "I know."
The place I store my loud elf Shhh elf
Hey EU, heard you lost a country... ..., UK bro?
What does a church shooting sound like? Pew! Pew!
What was Jean-Paul Sartre's favorite art form? Exi-stencilism
Pick a woman with wits. Wits will never sag.
I love my dog. He's a real son-of-a-bitch.
Where do war generals make decisions? In a think tank
What do you call a married cougar? A cheetah.
Self-refilling glass. Just add water
/r/Jokes won the International Green Awards! 97% recycled content.
I couldn't afford Vokswagen Thus, Auto.
I assume people who don't hate people also don't drive.
Who wrote "The Open Kimono"? "? Seymour Hare.
Q: What lottery did the broom win? A: The sweepstakes.
I'm giving up for Lent.
Be kind to your dentist. He has fillings too.
What kind of porn do blind people watch? (NSFW) Ebony
Torque is like drugs It makes everything spin around.
What type of computer sings well? Adell.
My Favorite Fairy Tale The dog who cried woof
What's a Christian's favourite chord progression? G,Esus.
Do not trust atoms... They make everything up.
What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws? Outlaws are wanted.
Battered Women Not as delicious as it sounds
[types symptoms into WebMD] WebMD: Eww. Gross.
What do you call spaghetti disguised as linguine? Faux-teccine
What sound does a Gordonramseysaurus make? ITS RAWR!
Do vampires get AIDS?
Q: What two states are opposites? A: Maryland and Misury
how do you tell a joke without a punchline?
the fondue...? you mean, my drinking cheese?
Bill Gates named his company after his penis. Discuss
What do you call an intoxicated midget? A little drunk.
Did you hear about the Feminist gun? She got triggered.
Why are feminists bad cashiers? They can't make change.
Hi electron, will you be at home tonight? Probably.
What do you pay a hooker with? Income.
What did Obama say when he was alone? Obamaself
9/11 Jokes aren't funny... But the other 2 are.
How do you make a rabbit stew? Keep it waiting.
Say pns U just said penis :)
What's the #1 song in Ukraine? Crimea River
What is a cows favorite shade of red! Mooroon!
What kind of overalls does mario wear? Denim, denim, denim
I sexually identify as an invisible dad. I'm trans-parent.
what sex position produces the ugliest babies? ask your mother
Did it hurt when you fell down from Heaven?
Might love you quicker if you bring me more Liquor.
Gravity is such a slut She goes down on everything
What do you do with a dead scientist? Barium
Unfortunately..... Nobody wants to have sex with your inner beauty.
What does a chicken call its backpack? A BokBok...
Why did Hitler pass out? he saw the gas bill
Life...it's just an "F" in lie.
Your secret is safeish with me
I pushed the happy button... ...I just made it depressed.
What's a bigamist? It's a large fog in Italy
Japan isn't a democracy. They don't have big erections.
Bowtie pasta is the most handsome of all the pastas.
9gag anyone?
What is Russia's codename for Trump? Agent Orange.
Plot twist *Where do YOU see ME in 5 years..
How can you tell if something is clickbait?
How did the Roman cut his hair? Caesar
Prostate Cancer **;** Edit: *But seriously, cancer isn't funny.*
Which Pokeman has the best sex? Squirtle
Where do terrorists go to have a drink? Allahuak Bar
Where did Jessica go after the explosion? Everywhere
What's green and smells like bacon? Kermit The Frog's fingers.
What do you call Pixar porn? Fucked Up
I hate ingrown hairs... They really get under my skin
Masturbation in the Mafia is called 'Offing Jack.'
Me: Time travel Interviewer: what's your biggest stren- holy shit
What do you call a cool bear?
What do you call a confident chicken? Cocky
What's the slowest boat? A snail boat
Woman jokes aren't funny, period.
What do you call a skinny Pakistani cow? A moo-slim.
Atheists are like a broken pencil They're missing the point
What is a feminist's favorite math topic? Triggerednometry
What kind of meth do nerds like? Xbox SmartGlass
I came across a joke on Reddit.... ....and read-it.
Fries are basically edible cigarettes. Delicious edible cigarettes.
I just ate dark chocolate. Does that mean I'm rich?
What do you call masturbating on a plane? Hijacking.
My whole family loves iron It runs in our blood.
I'm going to hell in so many different religions.
why was X afraid of Y? because 2Y-14/3X=0
To all my Atheist and Agnostic friends. T_IF!
Newt Gingrich's face looks like a fat woman's knee.
What's Trump's least favourite vegetable? Cillary!
Feminism That's all, feminism...
Animal Crackers... ... despised by gluten-free people and vegans
Why can't Helen Keller drive? Because she's fucking dead.
What do you call a gay alcoholic? Liqourace.
New camouflaged condoms! She'll never see you coming again.
What is tuba plus tuba? Fourba!
What did Donald Trump hate most about school? Essays.
What do gay horses eat? Horse cock.
The Biggest Joke of the Day is...... Hillary Clinton's campaign.
Kids are much like ________, they__________.
Why did the Mexican take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks
Who is Nickelback's biggest fan? Helen Keller.
The Knicks ....that's all
Only trust people that like big butts. They cannot lie.
What is yellow and smells like red paint? Yellow paint.
What is brown and sticky? A brown stick.
4 out of 5 dentists recommend teeth.
What is reddit's favorite song? "Karma Police" by Radiohead.
What's an epileptic's least favorite pizza place? Little Seizures.
Dyslexia A dyslexic man walks into a bra. ??
How Do You Call 5 Black People Having Sex? Threesome.
What did the cheese go as for Halloween A muenster
Why can't Helen Keller use an iPhone? Because she's dead.
What do you call a muscular Arab A protein sheikh
I put the FU in FUN 
Wanna hear a joke about the OP that actually delivered?
How does Lady Gaga like her meat? Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah
Who needs Black Friday... when you have Mike Brown Monday?
Math and alcohol don't mix. Don't drink and derive.
Wanna hear a joke? My fucking grades after my midterms.
Knock knock. Whose their? The grammar police.
I dont like circles They're *pointless*
What kind of photograph does Arnold Schwarzenegger take? Polaroids.
What do you call a fat gay guy? Flab-ulos!
I'm a tire in real life It's a wheel hassle.
I had diarrhea till 5am It was shitty
Because one Duran just wasn't enough.
Airbags are srs business ....anyone?
I put the 'extra vag' in extravaganza
The greatest pickup line of all time... Let's be friends.
An optimistic donut sees the cop as half full.
Protein shakes are really expensive.... Whey expensive. EDIT: Spelling
How do al-Qaeda like their toast? Bean-laden
Excuse me, are of French Royalty? Because M'damn
Anyone heard what Beethoven is up to these days? Decomposing!
"Are you girls straight?... ...lesbianest"
Who's your favorite running back? Haha http://www.mayfieldsportsmarketing.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Ha-Ha-Clinton-Dix.jpg
How do you confuse an ugly person With an orange.
What do you call a Dadaist fabric? Man Rayon
My girlfriend has the body of a Greek Godess; Imaginary
My Load Is So Big Jokes http://myloadissobig.blogspot.com/
What do ducks smoke Quack
How do you blind an Asian? With dental floss.
What has no eyes and four legs? No idea.
What do you call a quadriplegic time traveler? Marty Mcsit
What's your favourite onomatopoeic word? Mine's "silence".
I only eat mean animals: shark, crocodile, jerk chicken, etc.
"That's nice dear." -Grandmas version of "cool story bro."
A Reddit Mod walks into a Jihad training camp... [removed]
Clint Eastwood says we're the "pussy generation." Potty mouth.
Keep the dream alive. Hit the snooze button.
Whats up Cake? Muffin
Maternity. Sounds like you're going to be pregnant forever.
Did you know they now sell 30 tog blankets? Duvet?
Why was the snowman smiling? He saw the snowblower coming.
Baby, are you today's date? Because you're 11/10.
What do you call a popular joke on reddit? repost
Do mermaids clean the sea or how does that work?
I would like to go to Holland Wooden shoe
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
What grows on Seasame Street? I dunno, a Grover something.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dre
How did the turtle call his friends? ...on his shellphone
What did the Rei say to the Hachi? Nice obi!
*slowly releases air from a balloon during your wedding vows*
Modern day camping is an uncharged phone.
When you don't finish your sentence
Giraffes born in American Zoos are Giraffrican Americans
Terminator doesn't google himself he uses Altavista baby.
Ms Piggy... http://imgur.com/BtVKY
how do you cease chritianiny from existing stop having children
This Job Fair sucks, it doesn't even have rides.
Who was the fattest Pharaoh of ancient Egypt? Hippo-Ptolemy
TacoBell - America's preferred over-the-counter laxative
To save a tree... Eat a beaver.
what kinda bees make milk. boobies....
So I sadly discovered that username Iloveyouforever has been taken
what do you call a French OP a baguette
What do you give to someone who has everything? Antibiotics!
How does moses make his coffee Hebrews it
Not a catfish. Just behind on my lip waxing.
What is Hitler's favorite video game? Mein Craft.
Why do little dogs shake so much? They have Barkinson's
How does the alchemist please his wife? Elixir!!!!!
they joke about mine being... ...a whole nuther leg!
*wife looks through my phone *divorces me 8 times
69% of people... find something dirty in every fucking sentence.
*draws sword* *erases sword because it sucks*
Where does an elephant carry its laptop? In its trunk.
What is the internal temperature of a tauntaun? Luke warm.
Men of quality respect women's equality.
Did you hear about corduroy pillows??? They're making headlines!
Just Cuz It Zips Dont Mean it Fits
Canada's Gas prices... They fell as fast as Greece's GDP.
How do you impregnate a nun? You fuck her.
What's an "oying"? This joke
How to go indigenous.... http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b1jklUhG1y8
What do the Japanese call a large apartment? An itssoroomy.
Sometimes my dog looks super fucking delicious. #AsianPeopleProblems
What idiot called it "Fox News" and not "white whine"?
My calling in life went straight to voicemail.
What do you call an electronic bowl? Ebowla
What do you call Jehova's Witnesses in Chinese Ding Dong
How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl+esh
Invisibility You just don't see it these days
A birth certificate is a basically a baby receipt.
What do you call flying jews Smoke
How are Joeffrey Baratheon and wheat related? They're both in-bread.
Low key just wanna defeat Thor and rule Asgard
How attractive are skeletons? They're drop dead gorgeous!
Who's the poorest person in West Virginia? The Tooth Fairy.
What did the blonde name her pet Zebra? Spot
How do you weight a fish? With a scale.
Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes!
What's Forrest Gumps password? 1forrest1
What is it called if someone wears your bra? Cobra!!!
What duo were famous for stealing horses? Bonnie and Clydesdale!
What is another name for a knife? A chopstick!
I'm the most anti-social person I know
Have you seen the new globe they're making? It's revolutionary
A club walks into a seal.
Two guys walk into a bar... The third guy ducks.
A man is hanging from a cliff
How does a Jew make beer? He brews.
Hey everyone who says aliens don't exist. Explain morning people.
What is Oedipus' favorite flavor? Umami.
"He's 24 months old." 2 Your child is 2
Why do we.... Cook bacons and bake cookies?
What's a sports fan's favourite disease? The COME ON! cold.
Everyone tells me I'm average... That's just mean.
I had a Muslim co-worker named ... Christian
I know right from wrong. Wrong is the fun one.
Vagina jokes aren't funny period
Walking Talking Stephen Hawking
What wine pairs best with this bomb-ass Nokia ringtone
What car do dogs drive? A Doge charger
Mathematically speaking.. The average person is mean. :-)
What should we call Trump's newest scandal? Golden Gate.
Are you today's date? Because you're 1/10, bye.
What is long, hard, and has cum in it? Cucumber
Whats 9+10 9+10=21-2=19
What is the most crucial element of Oology? Eggsact measurements.
What is the internet's predominant religion? Cat-holic-ism. Meow!
Want to hear a joke about pizza? Its cheesy.
Autocorrect wants to capitalize bacon, out of respect.
Where did Suzie go after the bombing? Everywhere
Who delivers presents to baby sharks at Christmas? Santa Jaws.
My bread baking business has gone a rye.
Ronda Rousey Acting
What's Whitney Houston's favourite coordination? Handiiiiiiiiiiiii-iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Why do elephants drink so much? To forget
Two lesbians walk into red lobster
my grade for geography will be out of this world.
So Hitler writes a porno... It's title: *Mein Kampfidential*
Elevator is broken. Had to use the other one. #firstworldproblems
What is wonder woman's favorite drug? Heroine.
Scientists have discovered what lowers women's sex drive... Wedding cake
Is there a class for just the karate noises?
What did Grandma say to the frog? Something racist, probably.
Yes, I read Quantum Physics. But only for the particles.
Need an ark? ..I Noah guy.
What's it called when a T-Rex hurts itself? A dino-sore
What did Mr. Burns bring to the pot luck? Egg_salad
There's one thing I can't stand when I'm drunk Up
Rate kickass only this if your name isn't Steve
Joke from New Zealand: "What's a Hindu?" Lays iggs.
This Super Market doesn't even sell capes.
I just invented a new word. Plagiarism
**mass text** Girl, you know you're the only one.
Why do Java programmers need glasses? Because they can't C#.
So, a byslexic guy walks into a dar...
Homework. Half Of My Energy Wasted On Random Knowledge.
Drink coffee! Do stupid things faster with more energy!
What's the opposite of progress? The president.
Q: What do astronauts eat for dinner? A: Launch meat.
You want to scare someone? Call them.
I don't get people that talk to themselves
Banana vs Vibrator
Why did Ibuprofen miss his friends? Because Paracetamol on fire.
What ever happened to Hitler's family? He Adolf Them...
What did one snail say to the other snail? It...all...happened...soooooooo...fast
Are you guys all right? Or are you all left?
A joke about dwarves ejaculating... Will be coming shortly.
If you're a necrophiliac... is it called wallpapering the coffin?
\What is the leading cause for pedophelia? Sexy kids.
The worst part about being homeschooled is getting bullied.
What's a pigs favorite muscle? The hamstring.
This one is a bit tasteless, so be warned. Water
"You missed a spot." -g
Whats more offensive than black face? Orange face.
What do you call a skeptical horse? A neigh-sayer. Sorry
Girl, are you pi? 'Cause you are long and sweet.
Cherry: I'm pregnant. Tomato: What?! (Origin of the Cherry Tomato)
What do French stoners smoke? Oui-d
What does a vegetarian zombie eat? GRAAAIIIIIINS
Quick: how do you un-shake a baby?
What's the capital of Greece? About 20.
How do you make a pole angry? Deport him.
Just recently sold all my dead batteries free of charge
How do you trigger a feminist? You've got male.
Lobster Tail &amp; Beer. My three favourite things.
What do Redditors always get confused by? Seven.
How do you tell jokes? Repost :(
Alternate Title for Interstellar [Spoiler] Ghost Dad
A Muslim walks into a bar... Just kidding it's haram
How did the astrologer cross the road? In his Taurus!
Where do you buy a baby? Hole Foods.
What do you call a disappearing President? Hocus POTUS
What do Kiwi nuclear engineers eat? Fusion chups.
You're too drunk, dear. Alcohol you later.
Why are Gorillas underpaid? They're willing to work peanuts!
Which country has the most millionaires? Zimbabwe.
I'll always be less successful than Edgar Allan Poe Nevermore
A man finishes a tube of chapstick... ...just kidding.
My son has about 12 seconds to learn patience.
Wedding rehearsals, because ruining your life takes practice.
Hello and welcome to Hypocrite's Anonymous. What's your name?
How do you ruin someones peaceful thoughts? Puppymonkeybaby
What language do bugs in the Middle East speak? Scarabic
My favourite machine at the gym is the television.
Spandex is sausage casing for humans.
Where do OB/GYNs go to school? Gynecolleges.
What's the Ethiopian national dish? Empty.
What's more Irish than eating potatoes? Not eating potatoes.
I have a lips.
Sadly, my day requires pants.
The world's finest super spy at work: an interview
I'm so tired I could sleep a horse
No thanks, granola bars with no chocolate in them
I just killed a man Knifely done
What do you call a gay black man? A homiesexual
I like to test the waters by pushing people in.????
What's black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
The number of my farts. . . is gastronomical.
What's it called when a smell dates his sister? Incense!
How do you find a black person? Guilty as charged.
What do you call Tinder for an amputee? Timber
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrh.
Air conditioning? Not a fan
What do you call a pushy asshole potato? A dic-tater.
You know whats funnier than Philly... Your Religion
What kind of shoes do Ninjas wear? Sneakers
What blood type does a motivational speaker have? B Positive!
What's Macho Man Randy Savage's favourite capital city? Skopje!!
What was Camelot famous for ? It's knight life !
Girls are like rocks skip the flat ones
You are so sweet... ...is your zodiac sign caries?
Yo momma so ugly .. Her portraits hang themselves
I'm going to kill myself.... or die trying.
A blonde walks into a bar... Ouch
Titties and explosions. Plot line optional. #HollywoodPostItNote
What do you call an exploding horse? Neigh-Palm
I have a UDP joke. I hope you get it.
I like my coffee like I like my slaves Shot
What country has 6 faces, and 8 points? Cuba
Santa isn't coming this year! Someone shot his Rudolph!
Coke Zero Pepsi One Well played Pepsi.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A Lickalotopus
Maybe your jeans are distressed because you're wearing them?
God is pretty creative. I mean, look at me.
What do they call Chipotle in Canada? Chipotl-eh
What do you call a hard working machine? Juan Deer
Why was the drug dealer late? Because he tripped
What did the prairie dog say to the the coyote?
What noise does a homosexual horse make? Geigh
Where did Christ get his ripped abs? Cross fit
I scream. You scream. We all scream. ISIS laughs.
What is a good dog? A dead dog.
You can drink lava But only once
Dangerously attractive guitars get added to the sexy fenders register.
Just got my free yearly car wash Thanks California!
One man's trash is another man's girlfriend.
Thank God for nipples... Without it..... Boobs would be pointless
Aw, this paint is already dry. Guess I'll watch baseball.
What happens in Vegas never happens to me.
What do you call a communist video streaming service? Niet-flix.
What's a feminists worst nightmare? Fat free milk
What's a monkey's favorite snack? Rhesus Peanut butter cups!
Twitter: "Where people are openly Gay and secretly Republican"
What did the banker get for Christmas? My 401k
What is an orphan's favourite drink? Fosters.
Where do Italian gangsters come from? The spaghetto
"I am as misquoted as Marilyn Monroe." - Abe Lincoln
Daddy Are you my son?
I avoid cheating on my spouse by not getting married.
Women need security -when I'm around.
Wanna hear a joke? Rays legs.
Things I hate: lists, Oxford commas, and irony.
Longest Joke ever Loading...
I hate Russian Dolls They're full of themselves.
Where is everyone beautiful? In the dark.
What do you call a Saudi cow? A moo-slim
What did ISIS say after the terrorist attack? Nice
Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce instead of visine.
The amount of duplicates on this subreddit
... Your future
I'd rather cuddle than have sex *then
What Olympic event that involves throwing should be eliminated? Discuss
*Receives good, solid, sound advice. *Does exact opposite.
Batman doesn't have nightmares Nightmares have batman
Where does the USB key come from? Uzbekistan!
Warning: NSFW Jokes
What's another name for a dinosaur? A thesaurus.
Knock Knock..... who's there? Owls. Owls Who? Yes they do...
I'm like a bike... My girlfriend never rides me.
Why would Helen Keller be a terrible driver? She's dead.
"False Information" spells out "False Information" backwards.
Hippocrates was pretty damn smart ... for a horse.
Jihadi John Guess he's Jihadi gone now
If what you don't know can't hurt you, you're invulnerable.
How do you annoy a Reddittor? Repost
I'm 84% less productive in a swivel chair.
/u/username goes to the grocery store.... username checks out.
Why do Televisions have buttons? because they cant have zippers
I like my diamonds like I like my steak. Bloody
A Dyslexic Devil Worshipper Sold his Soul to Santa.
What does a martial artist get at starbucks Chai Tea
Out for the Count by Esau Stars
Sarah Palin
I fucked a girls butthole.
Today is a big day for the Chinese. Erection Day
Where do Canadians play Basketball? In the NB - "eh"
The New York Knicks
So a woman walks out of the kitchen... ...
Who doesn't like a hot date? A necrophiliac.
I was gonna make a gay joke but thats intolerant.
There's a procrastinators contest First to claim the prize wins
Where do farm animals get their groceries? The pharmacy.
What do you call a Pakistani prostitute in France? Lahore.
Which fly makes films ? Stephen Speilbug !
What's the most confusing holiday in Harlem? Father's Day
What's a doctor's favorite bird? An apothecanary
What is Superman's greatest weakness? A bucking horse.
Dad Slapped me For my Bad Skilled Jokes
What's the bro-iest airport in the US? LAX
Support the war on crack. Stop wearing low rise jeans.
Feeling sad? Just picture Cee Lo Green climbing a rope.
What did Tennessee? The same thing that Arkansas
I just raped my hi hat White tssst scum
What does stormtrooper armor protect against, exactly? Knives?
Robin Thicke can't even name a second Robin Thicke song
Where did the memes make their last stand? The Aylmao
Between men and women... There's a vas deferens.
Snowmen don't 69, they 88.
Why don't you see any transgendered parents? Because they're trans-parent
Why do emo kids always have the latest technologies?
Shout out to politicians for keeping the word "folks" alive.
How to make a hormone? Don't pay her
You can't spell Meek Mill.. ..without two consecutive L's.
What do you call an epileptic cow? Beef jerky
What do scientists solve? Che-mysteries!
What's blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint
"I'm a huge fan." - Peacocks
Just donated a kidney. Hope somebody checks that Goodwill box.
Why was Pluto's child unexpected? Because it didn't plan it.
What do Japanese people do when they have erections? Vote!
Two toilets go to a potty lol
Velcro... What a ripoff!
What do you call a psychoanalyst's underwear? A Freudian slip.
who gave a dyslexic child a gift last christmas? Satan
Things I hate 1. haters 2. r/jokes 3. lists
Where do you store your wine? In the cabernet
Obama turns 52 today. Republicans vote to repeal it.
How did we even waste time before Twitter?
I hate reddit because... ...you cannot take a joke!
What do you call a women with 1 leg? ilene
What do you call a joke with no punch line?
how do you confuse a masterbator? 32
What State do you go to to ask questions? Al-ask-ya
What do you call a dead asian? A failure
Brown and sticky Whats Brown and sticky? A Stick
That's offensive -- Pikachu is his slave name.
Efficiency is a highly developed form of laziness.
When Catwoman gets older, does she become Cougarwoman?
My girlfriend is like the square root of -1 Imaginary
Can February march? No, But April May.
What do you call a Gay dinosaur? Mega-sore-ass!
What do Australian terrorists say before attacking? Uluruakbar
People say I'm odd because... I CAN'T EVEN
Who is the most famous cow in France? Albert Camoo
Stop with the phone sex You might get hearing aids
Am sticking to my resolution this year 800x600
What happens when you scare an old lady? Depends.
FUNNIEST FIGHT EVER!!!! JUST JOKE VIDEOS
inncocent child
When it boils down to it water is just steam.
What does a dishonest frog say? FIBBET
What type of bees make milk? Boo bees
How does god receive prayers? knee-mail
How does NASA organize their company parties? They planet.
What do you call a Muslim pilot? An Airrab.
What is a clowns fart made of? Laughing gas.
Well... Well... Well... Welcome to stutterers anonymous
What do mathematicians use to get fast delivery? Amazon'
Sex jokes are not funny. I mean cum on people.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off!!
What do you call a female peacock? A peacunt!
What do you call a female peacock? A peacunt.
What did the cow say to the horse? Mooooooo
What happens to crude people? Crucified.
My own personal hell sounds great, actually
If swimming is such great cardio, explain manatees.
Opening a Christian gym called 'Jehovah's Fitness
My laptop has a Miley Virus. It's stopped twerking.
PMS jokes are not funny. Period.
The ultimate collection of jokes about Uranus! http://www.nottriangles.com/blog/uranus.html
It's better to have hope in your soul..
Jesse James married my sister. He's know my brother out-law
What is a soup-lover's favorite sport? Bowling
Wanna hang together? ill bring the rope
Having sex in a mental hospital Now that's fucking insane.
I saw this post by a pizza boy. OP delivers.
Are you okay? You seem stupid.
"Who's sorry now?" ~ First question on Canadian citizenship exam
Which Marvel superhero is transgender? Ironman, he's a Fe male.
What does a necrophiliac get at a funeral? Mourning wood.
TIL: To never trust a fart.
What's the difference between pink and purple? The grip
Q: What was the most flexiest dinosaur? A: Tyrannosaurus Flex.
Why did Simba's father die? Because he couldn't Mufasa.
Can't imagine what's it like to have no imagination.
An apostrophe walks into a'bar.
Why do hipsters love Harrison Ford? Because he's Indie!
The Longest Joke in the World http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
Thanks, spell check, that's what I meant: Edgar Allen Pie.
I'm in a very serious relationship we never laugh.
Just saw a rainbow.........great now the sky is gay
I was pregnant in High School BEFORE it became popular....
What's the opposite of drunken noodles? Soba noodles!
POUR SOME HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP ON ME!!!!
What's the worst part about a rape joke? The rape.
Urine is the opposite of you're out.
What do you call 1000 aches? A *kilohurtz*.
What is a sandwich on a ship? A sub-marine
I can do something that Einstein can't. Breathe.
Why does Chuck Norris play cowbell? Because he beats time!
Whats the hardest thing about a pedophile. His dick.
What does ISIS want for Christmas? Turkey, apparently.
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? Snowballs
What do you call immigrants to Sweden? Artificial Swedeners
The shortest joke ever Two women were sitting quietly.
What do you call a blunt spear? Piontless!
What do you call a group of Jewish friends? Hebros.
I was going to tell a Nirvana joke, but... Nevermind.
*Holds door for woman *Slams door in her boyfriend's face
Losing your spouse can be hard. But it's not impossible.
Typos. The Greek God of spelling errors.
What's black and eats banana's? Apparently half of London
Good joke [SERIOUS] ^ title
Does your face hurt? Well it's killing me.
Dark Humor is like getting laid Not everyone gets it.
What city is the favorite place for anti-Semites? Juno
What car does Jesus drive? A Christler I'm so sorry...
the safeword is burrito
What can be served but not eaten? A tennis ball.
What is robot jazz called? Beep Boop Bop!
Making $ is easy. Press shift+4.
joke about mods [deleted]
Do skunks celebrate Valentine's Day? Sure, they're very scent-imental! 
Great news insomniacs! Only 12 sleeps til Christmas.
One thing that really annoys me is everything.
Two Irish homosexuals Michael Fitzpatrick &amp; Patrick Fitzmichael
I hate people with club feet... I'm lack toes intolerant.
What's the worst thing about one-liners in /r/jokes?
As schoolgirl skirts get shorter... ...anemia rates grow in Japan.
Illegal immigration jokes.. are borderline offensive
My wife says her farts smell like flowers Cauliflowers maybe
Who is a chicken's favorite composer? Bach
Where do dogs park their cars? In barkinglots.
What's Jay-Z's favorite city to perform in? SHEBOY-gan You're welcome
I have a crippling fear of Santa Apparently I'm Claustrophobic.
What do you call a pirate cartoon? An animatee!
There's nothing in SkyMall that I don't want to buy.
I like my coffee like my slaves Free
Where does a suicide bomber go when he dies? Everywhere
What was Hitler's favourite aquatic animal? Adolfin.
I ask myself, what city has the most feminists? Manhatin'
People who email you Spam...Email them Porn! Problem solved 
What has four legs but can't walk? A chair.
A dyslexic person walks into a bra.
What do 9/10 people enjoy? Gang rape D:
What is Batman's least favorite TV channel? The Family Channel.
the longest joke in the world http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
What did Victoria say to Vancouver? I'll BC-ing you later.
Why was the cheese so sad? Because it was provOLONE
No one will get this..
Chuck Norris know's Victoria's Secret.
I've been stung by a bee.
ok, i'm calling bullshit on Ariel singing underwater
Man.. These croutons are the best thing since dried bread!
*pets a skeleton* u used to b a baby
What do fat people do in the summer? Stink
What's Gandalf's favorite band? A Flock of Smeagols
What's the fastest thing on land? Stevie Wonder's speedboat
How warm is the inside of a tauntaun? Luke warm
Wanna hear a joke The UN
Where did the Joker prank Batman? Got 'Em City.
"Forgive me father, for I have pinned."
Hey, you wanna hear a joke? Ya, so do I.
"Bro! You remembered our bronniversary! How bromantic." -Bromosexuals
Why do bicycles fall over? They are two-tired.
What were Charles Darwin's favorite fruits? Oranges and peaches.
I just invented a new word: [plagiarism](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/277604/i_just_invented_a_new_word/)
What do you call a Mexican Baptism? Bean dip.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested ...charged with battery. *drops mic*
Saw a chameleon today... must've been a really shitty chameleon.
I'm really good at sex I ALWAYS come 1st.
I'm addicted to soap But I'm clean now
What do you call Donald Trump's plane? Hair force one...
My favourite X-Man is Iceman. He's a cool guy.
I wonder if I've come a lake yet.
What do you call a 2D fairy? Pixie-lated
What does socialism smell like? It has a Bernie smell.
Gravity is just the earth being really clingy
The WNBA Sorry, I put the punchline in the title
Theory: The Winter Olympics were invented by the cowbell industry.
What kind of movies do Scientologists like? Cult classics
What is M. Night Shyamalan's favorite pastry? A cinema-n twist.
What's hairy and has five fingers? A thalidomide's armpit
Why did the plane crash because the pilots we're muffins
Pansexuality is the best... fuck the rest.
Reddit administration.
To a struggling artist: "Don't give up... ...the day job."
Jokes on reddit are always original and hilarious.
What's worse than AIDS? Beads.
You know what really gets my goat? Chupacabras.
What do you call a hookers fart? A prostitoot
What's a pedophile's favorite shoe? White vans
Whats brown and sticky? A stick.
Name a sub genre of Engineering PORN Armature
The chances of Donald Trump being elected.
ShermanFury @ShermanFury, so clever....
What is a cats favorite website? Reddot.com
My favourite Vikings joke. Blair Walsh
Can I get an amen? Saw this today
Him: Do you swallow? Me: Every time I chew.
What's it called when Batman ditches church? Christian bail.
What is a black belt's favorite beverage? Kara-tea.
What do you call a Chinese rapist? Peking Dick
I would never skydive. http://i.imgur.com/uRJyOmB.png
I made up a new word Plagiarism
Thank you for calling the constipation hotline... Please hold.
"Tweet it" is the new laughing.
What do you call jokes about bread? buns
Making Zombies Moist delete
What is the least pleasant state to live in? Missouri.
Work is for people who don't know how to fish.
I hate colored pencils. I'd rather dye than use them.
What do you call an abusive pothead? A weed whacker.
What does a baby computer call it's father? Data
Don't take drugs... for granted.
I'm too hip
Don't "psh" me, Coca Cola I just opened.
How do astronauts make a party? They planet.
What's a bitch's favorite form of advertisement? A paw pup.
Well, well, well... Welcome to stutter class.
What's a wrestling chef's signature move? A Soufflex
Dont hit me! Thats whats she said. Bazzinga
Autocorrect will be the dress of me
Get rich quick scheme #12 Sell windows/glass in Baltimore
The Flat Earth Society Has members all around the globe.
Is it offensive to refer to Egyptians as "mummies"?
What comes up but never comes down? Russian Cosmonauts
Siri, when does the restraining order expire?
What do you call a four-legged significant other? Dear
You can't spell 'creative' without 'weed'.
I love to post jokes while crossing the stre
When it comes to self deprecation I'm the just worst.
If vegetarians eat vegetables.... ....beware the Humanist!
What is Nux's favorite browser? Chrome.
What do you call a woman who can't draw? Tracy
Whats blue and doesn't weigh much? Light Blue.
Why did the soviet plane crash? It was stalin
What is a psychic medium? ...smaller than a psychic large.
Why can't a t-Rex clap it's hands? Because it's extinct.
Ice lollies Are like regular drinks for really patient people.
Just like crime, slavery doesn't pay.
PC gamers don't take hot showers. They take Steam-y ones.
I'm having an out of money experience.
My computer can sing it's A Dell
Here's a dirty joke A clown in the mud.
Why is camping so exciting? Because it's in tents.
Hey Cutie ever do it in a sleigh?
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
Guys, I lost my baby teeth
I wanna make a joke about sodium, but Na..
9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape
Why is dangerous to have sex in canada eh'ds everywhere
What do you call an arrogant robber? a condescending condescending
Thats the thing about incontinence pants.. .. you're in control.
Old MacDonald was dyslexic H-R-T-Q-P
I know 3 people who are clinically insane: Me.
Yes, autocorrect, that's right. I hate that stupid ditch
whenever my Girlfriend say something funny... i reply: Hahahahahhavesexwithmehahahah
I could add boolean operators to my search... OR NOT
Why did the bike fall over? It was too tired
I saw a chameleon the other day ...Lazy Fucker
what is a deaf person's favorite cereal? shredded what
What's the name of the jewish spider? Spidermann
What do you call a Jamaican proctologist? a pok-e-mon!
What's Helen Keller's favorite color? Corduroy.
I know a guy who doesn't love Raymond.
On $15 I could travel the world.. of Warcraft
How did the possessed lady lose weight? Diet and exorcise.
What file archiver do Tigers use? Win-Rawr.
I like my Jews like I like my juice. Concentrated.
Are u cold? http://imgur.com/qfirGti
*robs neighbor's chicken coop* *serves poached eggs*
You wana hear a cat joke? Naw, I'm just kitten.
Want to hear my tribute to Elvis? Thanks, Elvis.
What's the opposite of a basic bitch? An acidic bitch.
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee you racist bastard.
What's black and never works? Decaffeinated coffee you racist bastard!
What do you call a fake noodle? an IMPASTA
One Direction broke up Everything was just going south.
Three strippers walk into a bar Mitzvah
Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born.
I Like My Coffe Like I Like My Slaves Free
What do you call transgender Hershey's chocolate? Himshey's chocolate...
I like my girls like I like my windows... 7
What organ do only British people have? The Eng gland.
Joke contest site
What's 10 inches long and white? Nothing.
What do you call haunted titties? BOOOOOBIES!
What does a Muslim redneck wear? A murka
You know what they say about big hands... Big clock.
Why doesnt McDonalds serve snail? Because of sanitation reasons.
Bondage devotees trussed each other.
The hay in baby Jesus's manger came from Christian Bales.
"I'm a good person, obviously." --everyone
All right stop, coagulate and thicken
In Soviet Russia, Turkey shoots you.
HELLACIOUS Why'd the lawyer go to Heaven? Hell was full.
Autocorrect makes me say things that... I didn't Nintendo.
If you fall, I'll be there. --- the floor.
What do ghosts get arrested for? Possession.
"Well I'll be damned." said atheist when rapture happened.
What goes well with country music? Suicide.
I don't trust Bonsai trees. They are a little shady.
If wishes were fishes... ...life would be pretty crappie
What is Bielefeld's Zip Code? 404
My mother-in-law fell down a wishing well !!!
r/house ... ... is in the middle of the street.
You know what's better than Tennessee? Elevennessee.
What do you do when a chemist dies? You barium
What is a ghost's favorite airplane? BOO!eing
My relationship is complex part real, part imaginary.
What do gay horses eat? *haaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy.....*
What do you call optimistic lube? Lubrican
Don't trust an atom They make up everything.
Want to talk about rape? No? That's the spirit.
Doggies just call it style.
Funny joke v0.01 What's black all over? Niggers.
Strong Winds by Gail Force
Yo mama so fat, her gravity bends space-time.
It's only Ultimate Frisbee if someone dies
What's Mario's favorite pants? Denim Denim Denim
Who was the fattest member of Nsync? Joey Fatone
Ominous music should play when you meet the wrong ppl.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin Catholic.
What goes cackle cackle boom? A witch in a minefield.
What word is always spelled incorrectly? Incorrectly
Why do Java Programmers wear glasses? Because they don't C#.
Which plant talks the most crap? Shiitake mushrooms.
Hey boobs, keep up the good work!
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
What did the gaysian give his buddy? A bro-job.
"You're an alcoholic." I prefer the term 'bar-barian'
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
How did cancer order it's fries? Metastasized.
Sometimes I drink water to surprise my liver.
What does a cow call his mate? Oxfam.
What do you call a recently created sub-atomic particle? New-tron.
Headed to a funeral. #yolo
I'm a fartartist The fart is silent
Who built King Arthur's round table Sir Cumference
The Web's Best 1,419,302,855,011,440 JPEG images (SLIDESHOW)
Why is 77 better than 69? You get ate more.
Jogging has never helped my memory.
Mary had a little lamb... ... and the doctor fainted.
Airlines have banned passengers from taking tweezers on board...
Why doesn't Asia wear makeup? Because it clogs its SINGAPORES!
How do Australians breathe? They exhale
What did Justin Verlander finish on Friday? Kate's back.
Why Does Snoop Dogg carry an umbrella? Fo' Drizzle.
I should buy a 26.2 sticker! for my nose...
I'm glad i know sign language It's pretty handy
What do you call an exploding dinosaur? Dino-mite
Vegetarian is an ancient Native Indian word meaning "bad hunter".
Why is UPS so great? They always deliver!
What does Johnny Depp say when cutting down trees? TIMBUUUUUUUURTON
Today some boiled water died.. It shall be mist
Small Horse - Tai Ni Po Ni
A good artist knows where to draw the line.
Most people don't act stupid  it's the real thing.
What Mrs. Dumpty gave Humpty?
What is the most important factor in China's future? Euthanasia.
I've been diagnosed with chronic fear of giants; Feefiphobia
When pigs fly they will have the most delicious wings.
I've had amnesia for as long as I can remember.
Guantanamo Bae
Bae joke Bae: Come over Me: Wrong spelling
What do you call a fat person with hemophilia? Diableedes
Girls aren't hard to understand They don't have dicks.
Whats white and salty? Salt.
Why so Mexicans have red eyes after Sex?! Pepperspray...
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
What do you call a same-sex lion orgy? Gay Pride.
If someone calls you fat... Just turn the other chin.
I like my rhinos like I like my eggs poached
What is Sherlock Holmes' favorite tree? A-lemon-tree my dear Watson.
Statistically speaking..... Isn't a mean Joe just an average Joe?
I play soccer... Just for kicks
Why was the ghost sad? A lot of different reasons.
Frankly I find fassion shows to be haughty couture
What is the bravest organ? The *gall*-bladder.
[commercial for rakes] "Are u tired of eating leaves?"
Never treat a woman like an object. It hates that.
What did the drummer get on his test? Drool
Body by Oreos
What is hail ? Hard boiled rain !
I've got a great joke Only joking
Breaking News: Tuesdays suck just as much as Mondays.
knock knock, whos there? your ex wife .................
It's sad that my girlfriend's name is Palmela Handerson
How do you confuse a gay? Seven
Necrophilia... There's nothing like cracking open a cold one.
There's a sale on deer testicles. They're under a buck.
What do you call a necrophiliacs erection? Mourning wood.
How did Jared lose 40lbs? He dumped his girlfriend.
I'm addicted to ass. It's like crack to me.
Who loves hamburgers French fries and ants? Ronald MacAardvark!
If lovin' you is ROM... ...I don't wanna' read-write.
Want to hear a broad generalization? All women are complicated.
Who's a Dinosaurs least favorite reindeer? Comet
WHO THE FUCK TOOK MY... oh there it is.
All serial killers... Drinks water...
The darker humor is, the better. Just like slaves.
New Year's resolution is to stop drinking. Dies of thirst.
"Is your refrigerator running?" "Yes" " AWESOME! REFRIDGERATOR 2016!"
My thoughts on the French Revolution Great concept, terrible execution.
What do we do when chemists die? We barium.
Who is Kanye West's favorite running back? All Day nigga
TIFU...... She rode me like a cow girl.
How do New Zealander's find sheep in long grass? Delightful
What are the Russians eating for thanksgiving? Beef with turkey
The Mancave is where I change into my Manman costume.
What do you get when Philip Glass breaks? John Cage.
bangs are just a poor woman's botox.
I was born pessimist My Blood Group is B negative
Birdwatching by Jack Daw
How do footballers send messages? By referee-mail.
Why do lesbians never cook? Because they eat out.
What do ghosts get when they're aroused? Booners
A time traveler. Knock knock. Who's there?
It's all shits and giggles... Until someone giggles and shits.
A unicorn without testicles is called a eunuchorn
Barack and George walked into the White House... Hillary Dodged.
What do you call a stereotypical flan? A quiche
You cannot play with me unless you blow me. -Balloon
I was going to make a chemistry joke, but... Na
Why do Muslims hate Reddit? Haram be everywhere
What's the rudest type of Elf? The GofuckyoursElf.
What changes the more popular it gets Hillary Clinton's views
Jose was embarassed of his weight. No weigh Jose
Some days, Mos Def only feels Mos Prob.
Imitation is the sincerest form of crabmeat.
An April fools joke Gotcha April fools
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
has anyone fixed the sound barrier yet
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
just spilled alphabet soup on my keyboard. I'm so confused
What happened to Ed's girlfriend? Sheeran
What do feminists do on Halloween? They go triggered treating
What language does a Jewish homo speak? Heblew.
Which street in France do reindeer live on? Rue Dolph
Lobotomies Do they smart?
Power surge at the A/C factory... Fans shocked.
What does a SJW do on Halloween Triggered treating
My 'Sleep Number' is Grey Goose.
When's a door not a door? When it's ajar.
Batman Begins Scrapbooking #AddaWordRuinaMovie
Which November holiday is a weed smoker's favorite? Danksgiving.
What is Chalah before it's baked? Judo
Why didn't the oyster give to charity? He was shellfish.
Why did I divide sin by tan? Just cos.
What's the strongest plant in the world? Eucaliftus
What is better than a cold Bud? A warm bush.
Holding my breath until someone likes this status.
"This is the bomb!!!" --'90s terrorist
I want that "Damn you are still together?" Relationship!
Vagina jokes are not funny! Period.
What happens when the smog lifts over Los Angeles? UCLA
Million dollar idea: let's start a Twitter swear jar
I'm not keen on Neanderthal comedy. It's very low-brow humour.
A Duck... ...didn't walk into a bar.
Why is ISIS going after programs? Because they are executable
What is the opposite of Turkish? Pig Latin
How do you keep a slow person in suspense?
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was intense
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniac [Wat](http://m.imgur.com/mSC9hv0)
What do you call 6.63*10^-34 mutinied pirates? Planck walkers
Funny how many articles end in "continued on page"
I went jogging one time why am I not thin?
How much does a Hipster weigh? An Instagram.
What's a duck's favorite drug ? Quack
Who ate those tomatoes? Tom ate those.
TIL ISIS is a global Bloods vs. Crips. Title
What does an egg say at a party? omelette
There's plenty of deeply disturbed fish in the sea.
My insomnia has it's own toothbrush in my bathroom.
What's a Warboy's from Mad Max's favourite web browser? Chrome
I don't hate you because you're beautiful... You're not...
A kiss makes my day. Anal makes my hole weak.
I stuck my foot in a honeycomb. I bee tripping.
Netflix and Chill makes me miss Blockbuster and dry hump
Can't, busy teaching a toddler gang signs.
What happens when you join two Koreans together? Linkin Park.
Can clocks keep secrets? Time will tell.
1+1=3 If you don't wear a condom.
Highway to Hell is my favorite wedding song.
Maybe she's boing with it. Maybe it's trampoline.
Taxidermist's Wife: Whatcha thinkin' about? Taxidermist: Stuff.
Who was Tupac married to? His Thug Wife.
Damn girl, are you /r/jokes Because you are getting old
Oompa Loopa Doopity Doo Here's an executive order for you...
Why do I praise Neo? Because I'm autistic xD XDXD
What is Poseidon's favourite shortcut? ctrl + C
Where does the zombie president live? In the wight house.
A man walked into a bar "Ouch"
Knock knock! "Who's there?" -To "To who?" -To *whom*
What's a kidnapper's favorite kind of shoes? White Vans
What number is higher than infinity? 420
What caveman say when he get hurt? meow.
I'm a recovering alcoholic! :I'm recovering from last night!
What does a wolf lick a ram with? His tungsten
What's under there?
Two elephants jumped off a cliff....... BOOM BOOM!
Y2K? Because 1 K isn't enough.
lol no thanks my tires rotate themselves every day
Why did John F. Kennedy die? He was too open-minded.
What did music tell the pancakes? B flat.
What does Helen Keller call her dog? Nothing. She's dead.
Cannibals like to meat people.
The thing people don't understand about how clickbait works
Hey Ernie, want some Ice Cream? Sure Bert! XD
Alpha Kenny Body Say it fast, slut.
2016 That's it.
pizza pizza pizza eatya eatya eatya
New Year's Resolution 2016p
You had me at "there's no security cameras."
My hearing loss in both ears
If your jokes are corny I'm all ears.
Why are pills white ? Because they work.
What's a vegetarian policeman's favourite meal? Caesar Salad
why don't robot chickens play basketball? too many technical fowls
Who is the world's worst suicide hotline operator? Shia Lebouf.
Why are branches attached to trees? Because they stick
wise man jokes?
Too many girls want attention, not enough want respect!
Brings sexy back. Gets charged $5,275.00 in late fees.
Two nuts were walking down a street... One was assaulted
what is the leading cause of Pedophilia? Sexy kids
Give me a minute, I can make this about me.
I don't like 9/11 jokes they're 2 plane
What do waiters want most after dinner? The tip!
Where my hanging preposition lovers at?
My wife's cock crazy... Two licks then she goes nuts.
I guess I'm "just ok" at being self-deprecating
What do you call poor pasta? Spaghetto.
Anti... ...Cipation!
A guy meets a fat chick at a convention [deleted]
Why didnt Jesus become a boxer? Crosses killed him.
Why does Peter Pan always fly? Because he Neverlands
Three words to ruin a man's ego. "Is it in?"
What's Sideshow Bobs least favorite creepypasta? The Rake.
What is the cow's holiday greeting?  Mooooory Christmas!
Chuck Norris can cut a knife with butter
2030's kids won't get this... Drinking water.
Where will you never find a hipster fish? The mainstream
Why do all public restrooms feel haunted?
You: "Whale you be my Valentuna?" Me: "Dolphinately."
Hot kraft singles in my pocket waiting to meet you.
Your mama's so fat She needs to use [Terashare](http://terashare.net)
1+1=3 It does take about 9 months though
HALF LIFE 3 CONFIRMED!
Where do people go for pasta related crimes? A PENNEtentiary!
No matter how kind you are German children are kinder.
First Post Knock knock Who's there? Immigration, let's go.
why is there no windows 9? Because 7 8 9!
What do you call a wet bear? A drizzly bear.
What did the skeleton order at the restaurant? Spare ribs.
You know what's not right? Left
My dog Minton just ate my shuttle cock. Bad Minton.
What's the most emotional computer you can buy? A Dell.
an octopus is just a wet spider
Irony. The opposite of wrinkly.
What do you call a gaming double entendre? A Ninutendo
"IT'S 3AM! TIME FOR SPRINTS!" - Cats
here is a joke said no german ever
missy the lost cat http://www.27bslash6.com/missy.html
Your momma is so ugly.... Bill Cosby gave her coffee.
I won't beheading to Iraq anytime soon
A sad can goes to get recycled. He was soda-pressed.
What do vampires make sandwiches out of?  Self-raising dead.
Hitler was a great man. He killed Hitler.
Hired a Mexican gondolier... ...his name was Pedro.
This is my favorite amnesia joke: Shit, I forgot it.
What do you call the spirits of honey bees? Boo-bees
What do you call the money a prostitute makes? Incum
What happened to Kim Jong? He was ill.
How does a baby Wookie get around? Ewoks
Why can't muslims eat pigs? Because the Quran forbids cannibalism
Trigger warning!! The next 4 years in America
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
Which African Dictator extorts flying insects Robert Mug-a-bee
How do you stop an elephant from charging? Vivisection.
My friends bakery burnt down... It was toast =D lmao
What chews on trees and sings? Justin Beaver
Engineer's Joke I have a girlfriend!
What kind of pants does Mario wear? denim denim denim
How do you make an ugly baby? Ask your parents.
Who do cows pray to? Moohammad
What do you call your whore mother? NASS
What did the blind paraplegic get for Christmas? cancer.
What do Asians do when they have erections? They vote
What's the Shah's favorite band? Iran Maiden
what was wrong with the air? the swine flu
Where does bees wax come from? Bees nuts!
What do you call a yellow Oreo? An orienteo!
What do you call a funny jar of mayonnaise? Lmayo.
Men? On the whole, I'd rather buy new batteries.
Which disease do hobbits fear the most? The Bilbonic plague.
Welcome to Religion, where everything's pretend and women don't matter
What are pigskins used for? Holding the pig together.
a man walks into a bar "Ouch!" he said.
"Itself. Itself. Itself. Itself. Itself. Itself." -History
TIFU Down was jealous.
What's the Addams Family's favorite cocktail? Mortinis
Australia's got 99 problems... But beaches ain't one.
What do you call a terrible pun? A puntastropie.
How does a train eat? It goes chew-chew.
Love is grand Divorce is a HUNDRED grand...
What were the founding father's favorite cereals? Chex and Balance
Charlie Sheen hates..... Parisians even more than the IS does.
How do you call blue cow? Freak..
Archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
Where do hipsters swim? Not in the mainstream
I hurt myself doing the Safety Dance.
Do furries go to doctors or vets?
I just had the worst blowjob ever it was fantastic
What's small, purple and dangerous? A grape with a gun
Today should be called bridge day.. 'Cause I'm over it
What's another term for anal bleaching? Changing your ring tone.
What do you call a boring dog? A dull-mation!
Who invented the equation? A X-pert
What is Donald Trump's favorite city to visit. Islamabad
What do you call your ex-girlfriend from Baltimore? Old Bae
obama follow me on twitter
What does Charlie Sheen call his penis? The HIV shiv.
What do Mexican people call really upbeat TV shows? CCTV
You auto complete me.
Elitist Perfumers no common scents
How do rednecks celebrate Halloween? Pump Kin
What do you call a paedophile pirate? Aaarrrrrrr Kelly!!
Wanna hear a joke?? This subreddit.
What do you call a baby Muslim? A hand grenade.
What's the best thing about an Ethiopian? They'll always swallow
How does Australians have sex? They mate
opinion=ass Opinion is like anal orifice. Everyone has it.
What do you call a comatose Pope? esteemed vegetable.
I have only ever completed 2 successful high-fives.
What do you call siblings that play soccer? Umbros
Save the whales. Collect the whole set.
What is a physicist's favourite food? Fission chips.
Why is Kim Jong Un a terrible leader? [removed]
FREE IDEA: a tanning salon called "Turn Brown For What."
Isis Isis Babe.
Don't worry Jennifer Lawrence... Every icloud has a silver linings.
Gay jokes aren't funny! I mean...Come on guys!
How often do scientists check the element table? Periodically...
I feel like a 100 bucks. Yeah, that bad.
What's a bodybuilder's favourite movie streaming service? Net*flex*
You look like something I'd draw with my left hand
Narcolepsy is the sluttiest neurological disorder.
Understanding women
what idiot named them horses and not zerocorns
what do you call a jewish pokemon trainer Ash
"You actually have friends?" "Yeah, all 10 seasons on DVD!"
I am known at the gym as the "before picture."
Why do rednecks hate math? Integration.
When is a door not a door When it's ajar
What is the difference between sex and fear? Zwei.
A chick with twelve boobs... Sounds crazy, dozentit?
If you masturbate on an plane, is it "hi-jacking"?
The 1670s called. Not sure how.
What are some of the best comments on threads? [deleted]
Have you ever had ethiopian food? Neither have they.
Want to hear a joke? Women's sports
Where should you drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
What do you call 2 algebraists who marry? Prime mates
What do Mountain folk do on Halloween? Pumpkin.
What does a Muslim pirate say? Allahu Ackbarrrrr!
Incontinence Hotline Could you hold, please?
Is it gay in here or is it just Glee?
Seven has the word 'even' in it... ...which is odd.
Ice skating is like walking in cursive
Why was purple jealous? Because red blue green.
Mosquitoes... God's way of making us slap ourselves!!
My name is Holly. What's my drunk superhero name? AlcoHolly.
What pizza topping to Koreans enjoy the most? Pupperoni
Why can't the T-Rex play the piano? Cause they're dead!
Hillary Clinton... [DELETED]
That awkward moment when u lock binoculars with your neighbor.
What is Carrie Fisher's favorite snack? Frito Leah's
Created by Jews, saves humanity. Who, Jesus? No, dummy. Superman.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler.
If I die, bury me with fire extinguishers. Because: Hell
If you were anti-pencil Would you be erasist?
You know you've been coding for too long when... System.express(feelings.tired);
The oral sex with my imaginary girlfriend is mind-blowing.
Don't trust anybody who owns a working printer.
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination.
Don't be part of the problem. Be the ENTIRE problem.
Life without women Would be a pain in the ass
how do you make 7 even? remove the "s"
What sort of cereal does Thor eat? Loki Charms.
I won't visit /r/aww Its nothing but kitty porn
Do you like fish sticks?
Britain can now say.... ...Its pull out game is strong!
There was once a conservative redditor
What's Boba Fett's least favorite chemical? Toluene
Surprised "too much" still isn't a serving size.
Email inventor dies aged 74 I sent my re:re:re:re:re:gards
Goodbye, Class! Hello, Trump.
Pretty cool how money could literally solve all my problems.
I'm naming my TV remote Waldo... ...for obvious reasons.
Life is like a cup of coffe. Dark and bitter.
Cilla Black has died... Surprise Surprise.
Is there a stripper named "Eggs Over Easy" yet?
The secret to a long life Avoid death
My facial hair is Italian and native American It's Apache
Where do Chinese people live? Chinatown
Something came in the mail today... My taxes
Ok but how old is your child in minutes?
For Sale: Wedding Suit, worn only once by mistake..
What do cows read at the breakfast table? The moospaper!
Duck autocorrect i mean 'duck' Duck!!! Luck!!!
I farted in my wallet. Now i have gas money
What do you call a Mexican mountain climber? Caribeaner
What's the capital of Wisconsin? W
What do you call an attractive zombie? Drop dead gore-geous!
Love thy neighbor. But don't get caught.
"I can't log in." -grandmas
I, for one, is a pretty weak Scrabble play.
What's a bear's preferred weapon of choice? A Grrrrrrrrrrrnade!
Why is Hitler a terrible wingman? Because he's dead
I was gonna tell a gay joke... Butt fuck it.
I like my coffee like I like my slaves Free.
deeply analyzing what you meant when you texted "k"
Now I'm REALLY glad Monica chose Chandler over Richard.
How did the farmer grow his portfolio? Cornstock
A Statistic Nine out of ten prisoners enjoy prison rape.
What's the difference between a whore and a prostitute? Capitalism.
Did you hear about the plastic surgeon that hung himself?
what's black and white and altogether catchy? Ebony and ivory.
What do you call colorful secret police? The RGB
Giant methane storms on Uranus phys.org/news/2015-03-giant-methane-storms-uranus.html
Do Irish people make good optometrists? Eye!
What is a neckbeard's favorite language? M'lay.
This stupid farmers market doesn't have any locally grown pizza.
Everyone who believes in Psychokinesis... raise my hand
What do you call a condom within a condom? Contraception.
What do cows do in traffic? They moove
The twilight of the German poets would be Goethedammerung
What famous band sleeps the least? Slipknot
Don't be sad, laundry. nobody's doing me either
Is it still casual sex if you're wearing a tuxedo?
What was the statistician's favorite herb? Bayes-il
What do you call cartoon duck sausage? Huey Louie Andouille.
What do you call an American communist? Manifesto Destiny
"So how did you two meet?" "Unfortunately."
Her: Is my new concealer working? Me: Who said that?
What was the slutty princess full of? Kingdom come
Why are wedding dresses white? To match the appliances!
I like my jokes like my blues.... Cheesy
In case nobody has Facebook, it's cold outside.
No matter how kind you are german kids are Kinder
Trust but verify.
What's Hitler's favorite board game? Gas Who?
What's funny about majorities? Most things.
What is the size of women in Italy? Itali-cized.
Why'd the Mexican push his wife off a cliff? Tequila.
Stop being so long ago, 1998.
Who is your Grandma's favorite politician? Bernie Sandmaster Flash
What's another name for a "penis potato"? A dictator.
Reddit Servers. Thanks, O Admins
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian  companion? Tanto
Gay guys make some people mad... They get me anal...
Being Bipolar sucks... I love it
What type of belly buttons do cars have? Audi's.
I hate Cinco De Mayo! -Said no Juan ever
How would you describe Al Gore playing the drums? Algorithm.
Two Short Jokes, and One Long One... Joke Joke Jooooooooooooooke!
What's a 6.9? Another great thing ruined by a period
What's 1+1? More than one!
39 and 41 had a fight. 42. ... 41.
What's the name of NASA's launch button? The "Space Bar"
What does a polite pirate say? Chivalry-Timbers!
What is a baby's dream job? Working at a winery.
I'm in so much debt... I could start a government.
You remind me of Monday... Because nobody likes you
Sex is easy... Telling your dad he's pregnant isn't.
Some French words have silent t's, like "ballet" and "tbonjour"
IF attacked by Clowns ... Go for the Juggler!
Startling awake... is a good way to startle a wake
A joke about Muhammad [removed]
So, when does this adulthood thing start then?
MRW I see all this Fine Bros news [removed]
How do assassins pay for stuff on the internet? hitcoin
Despite the cost of living... It still remains so popular.
I hope I don't get rheumatoid arthritis.. Fingers crossed.
Here is a joke ... My grades after finals
Mullets: Business in the front. Party-at-a-mobile-home-til-5am-drinking-Pabst-then-go-home-&-get-arrested-for-domestic-violence in the back
I need hug(e amount of money).
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
Pao's reddit password leaked 123
You're not fat, you're just... easier to see.
A Las Vegas joke Criss Angel
In communist america Banks rob you.
The ethernet is used to catch the etherbunny.
What did the Mod say to OP? [deleted]
How does the rabbi make his tea? He-brews it
What is the national front's favorite curry?
What is a pirate's favorite material? Arrr-gyle.
What do you call a laptop that sings? A Dell
Time flies like an arrow.. Fruit flies like a banana.
My sex life .
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke
What kind of bees make milk? Boo bees
As an ass assessor, I assess asses.
What do you call Hitler's bachelor party? The Reich-stag!
Him: Wow you're eating again? Me: Wow you're celibate again?
Why was the lawyer home early? Briefcase
What goes oo ooo oooo? A cow with no lips.
I'm not a gynechologist But I'll take a look
What do you call a rude god? Assholy.
What do you call a large penis? A sperm whale.
Why did the chicken double-cross the road? To change sides.
Two women were sitting quietly...
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9
Remember that you are unique Just like everyone else.
What kind of bees can you get milk from? Boobies!
My kleptomania is getting worse I even stole this joke
where do sperm go when they die? The sementery.
free shipping should be basic human rights.
What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAAAIIINNNNSS!!! :D
Watch out for children on the road. They're terrible drivers.
Why do they call it a non-sequitur? Riot gear.
Why couldn't the snake have sex Ereptile dysfunction
Tell me your favourite version of The Aristocrats
Puns about women are not funny. Period.
What do dolphins like to listen to? Podcasts.
I'm convinced. Some peoples' brains are still on dial-up.
Minions.3D.BluRayRiP.4K.aXX0.torrent Talk like a pirate day
What do you call Jews with HIV? Financial AIDS.
Quitting smoking is easy. I've done it three times now.
What is a Barefooted Locksmith's favorite drink? Sake. (sock-key)
What's black and yellow and doesn't float? A bulldozer.
My cat died. Just kitten.
Yo mama so short she poses for trophies!
A Man Walks Into A Bar The other one ducks
What are an idiot's last words? Hey, watch this.
Before phones were invented Were dick pics called junk mail?
What is Israel's favorite planet? Jewpiter
What do you call a gushing keyboard? sqwerty
American Horror Story The Rise of Donald Trump.
What does an elderly Mexican have? Senority
Can a ninja throw projectile weapons? Shuriken!
What do you call a Russian tree ? Dimitree
Want to hear a joke???? Women's rights
What do you call a scruffy lazy ant?  Decadant.
Facebook account for sale, friends included.
how did I escape iraq iran
what gets wet as it dries? your sister
Why does 8 hate 7? Because 7 8 9
Which computer sings the best? A Dell
I hate finals week. Everyone gets testy.
"Echolocation, echolocation, echolocation!" -Dolphin realtor
Where do the stankass penguins live? Antfartica
Asian stereotypes: Samsung, Sony, Sanyo.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar
Mars: I'm wet... NASA: I'm coming!
Real frogs call him Kermit The Fraud.
The Walking Dead. Or better known as The Running Living.
My foot wants to interact with your face. 
Who built King Arthur's round table? Circumference
Liam Neeson is going to find that hour we lost.
Operation Protective Edge was not about wearing condoms.
I just found the Wand of Transfiguration! This changes everything!
What U.S. state was founded by Muslims? Allah-bama
Everytime I have sex... It's really hands on.
Autocorrect doesn't recognize my gangsta nature.
A tanning bed is a panini grill for people.
What beverage does Bruce Lee like to drink? WAA-TAA!
How to propose a boy?
What does Jimmy Buffett's chicken say? It's 5 o'cluck somewhere.
I invented a new word today! Plagiarism.
I've never even come close to having someone at "Hello".
SPOILER ALERT: Rice cakes do not contain any actual cake.
People in public restrooms don't really like playing Peek-a-boo, apparently.
Which ghost ate too much porridge?  Ghouldilocks.
What do you call a lesbian with long fingers? Well-hung.
What are red heads good for? Lighting fires.
How much poutine was left after the hockey game? Nunavet
What's white and smells like black paint? White paint
adam sandler's wife is madam sandler
There hasn't been a "final" fantasy
The new and best Rock band Iron Gaben
What does a Mon Calamari terrorist say? Allahu Ackbar!
I hate two types of people... haters and hypocrites.
I was seeing a girl once ...until my binoculars broke
Yo mama so greasy Texaco buys Oil from her
At what age are musicians the loudest? Forte
Why did the chicken cross the road? The aristocrats.
Trump for President 2016 Right, guys?
What's Brown and Rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre.
How does Princess Leia masturbate? Hand Solo
Why can't dormant volcanoes erupt? They have eruptile dysfunction
What is "Paulie" Pennino's favorite restaurant? Red Robin... Ya Bum
Nobody ever sneezes in movies.
Did I already do my deja vu joke?
What do you give a sick bird? Tweetment.
In "Beantown" for the night. I expected more burritos.
The first rule of crossword club is (3,2,3,4,5,9,4)
What do you call four Mexicans in quicksand? Cuatro cinco.
What's black and doesn't work? Decaffeinated coffee
Why do artists die early in life? Too many strokes.
Who is the best underwater Transformer? Octopus Prime!
What was Hitler's favorite baking ingredient? White flour!
*gets taste of own medicine* Yep this is my medicine
What is Arnold Schwarzenegger's favorite kind of jacket? A Pullover!
What two things do prostitutes make? Hormones and hormones
When does a tree want less? When it's sycamore.
Cheesy joke Cheddar
Superbowl Champion Minnesota Vikings
I like coffee like I like slaves. Free
What color were Hitler's walls? Jewish Red
What do you call a gay dinosaur Trannyosaurus Rex
What do graphic designers smoke up to get high? Adobe.
i've just bought an english snake. Sir Pent
Japanese soccer. 'Murica, fuck yeah!
Communicating with Cattle by I. Ken Mooue
What is white and interferes with the meal? An avalanche.
You know what gives me the shits? The digestive system
Some days you're just really stupid. 365 to be exact.
What do you call an alcohol free Japanese city? Nadasaki
How does Frodo make his own food? Through Frodosynthesis
Beastiality is wrong. Neigh means neigh.
What do you call a wet poodle A puddle
Never trust a homeless person selling warm lemonade
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
What did the ocean say? Nothing, he just waved.
My friend cooled himself to absolute zero... he's 0K now.
Which rapist was a famous mathematician? Bill cos(b)
What do you call a fat North Korean? Supreme Leader.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? A lickalotofpuss.
In Britain, Brexit means Brexit... and Trump means fart.
I was gonna make a gay joke... Butt fuck it.
At what time does Sean Connery go to Wimbledon? Tenish.
What separates man from animal? Divorce.
Counting Crows #GoodBandNameBadFirstDate
How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer
Global warming is partially bullshit. About 18% http://www.fao.org/ag/magazine/0612sp1.htm
LE NEW JOKE??? AWWW YEHP
Croquettes are not female crocodiles
Why aren't there any baby Transformers? Because Auto-Bots pull out!
I'm constantly pretending I know what people are talking about.
what ya doing... your mum
Patience is what parents have when there are witnesses around.
Never laugh at your girlfriends choices... your one of them.
What is Iron Man's favorite month? FE-bruary Thanks :D
What is ISIS' favourite OS? Windows XPlosion
Is there a month between April and June? May be
What did Helen Keller name her dog? akjnveoajknoea
Mirror Mirror on the Wall... What is my focal point?
What's a Southeastern Asian business professional's favorite food? Tie food
What is dog x dog? Puppy dog.
TIFU by burning my post oops, retoast
So Donald Trump is running for President...
Never be racist towards Native Americans. They will Sioux you.
What is the legendary chemical? HO-OH (Hydrogen Peroxide)
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food?
when nothing goes right... go left
What's yellow and lives off dead beetles? Yoko Ono
Wanna know why reddit sucks?
A dyslexic man walks into a bra That's the joke
Birth Control It's like direct deposit without the interest
How did the Mexican greet people in Hawaii? Ahola.
What stops your hair from falling? The floor
Facebook: losing friends. Twitter: gaining friends Instagram: gaining weight
Whats an electrical engineers fave sex position? The super position
hi (sorry for bad english)
How did the jury find the hamburger? Grill-ty as charred!
What was the hackers' rehabilitation meeting called? Anonymous Anonymous
Who was King Author's most well rounded Knight? Sir Cumference.
Farting in a lift is wrong on so many levels!
Seal walks into a club ...
Green eggs and 9/11 #SadDrSeuss
Roses are red violets are take your clothes off
How did the butcher introduce his wife? Meet Patty
toddlers and tiaras more like PROSTITODDLERS AYYYYYY
Yo mama so short she does backflips under the  bed.
Does anyone ever spiral into control?
What is springy and springy? the Easter Bunny
why was 6 afraid of 7 because 789
Knock Knock. "Who's there?" TheOwlGoes. "TheOwlGoes HOO?"
What is French Super Mario's favorite board game? Le Ouija
What kind of magic does a love-struck giraffe practice? Neck-romance-y.
What sea mammal controls Nazi Germany? Adolf-in
Got run over by a limo today Took fucking ages
what's a pirate comedian's favorite reddit? aaaarrrrrrrr/jokes
I have a Punjabi friend He Singhs very well
What do you call a posh Gym? James
What kind of railway is an Italian engineer's favourite? Funicula
What do you call a frog that's parked illegally? Toad.
I started crossfit yesterday And my throat is killing me
What's the name of Jackie Chan's catholic brother? Chris Chan
TIFU... I could've had a V8
All white people are part Asian... Their cock's Asian
What's worse than the Holocaust? The Holocaust! wait shit
What does a hairstylist call their resume? A tresume.
Make the little things count, teach midgets math
How do five gay guys walk? In one direction.
"Masturbation" is such a harsh word. I prefer "Hand-to-gland combat".
Definition of 1ply toilet paper. Finding your inner self.
How do you say "constipated" in German? Farfrompoopin'
Knock knock Whos there? G.I JOE!!!
What's The Donald's favourite keyboard shortcut? Command Alt Right.
occupation: the family disappointment
Why You Need Insurance by Justin Case
What is Jesus's least favorite gun? A nail gun.
Why does a rapper need an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
Dentist Lion
The Fine Bros. Get it?
Guess what? Dickbutt
Once got sent to bird prison by confused air marshals
What aftershave do monsters wear?  Brute.
Nobody goes to that restaurant anymore. It's too crowded.
It's OK, batteries...no one includes me either.
What do transsexuals run on? Gender fluid.
What's a Shamans favorite beverage? PeyoTEA.
Knock-knock. ("Who's there?") Control freak. Now say "Control freak who?"
What does an alcoholic ghost drink? Spirits.
how do you get pikachu onto a bus You Pokemon
What's the hardest part about being a pedophile? Fitting in
What did the nihilist wish for on his birthday?
Whats a vegetables favorite Bee Gee song? Chive Talkin'
My social life. /thread
Free Tibet! With purchase of equal or greater Tibet.
I bumped into my rival jousting opponent. We exchanged lances.
Does "fear of commitment" count towards a handicap parking space??
Legends don't die... I am a living example!
What's got 8 feet and 10 shoes? The McCann Family.
What are Mario's overalls made of? denimdenimdenim
*forward*reverse*forward* *reverse*forward*reverse*... --someone in an electric wheelchair giving a blowjob.
What do you call an Indian man with motivation? Deturbaned
What do you call a horny group of lawyers? Firm
Which is the longest toilet in the world? Indian Railways
Batman opened a restaurant... But he's serving just desserts.
Where's the most racist place to focus one's thoughts? Inward
How do you weigh a Hipster? In instagrams
There is only one house song. It's 38,000 minutes long.
What did the weeaboo Southerner name his daughter? Anna May
What was Hitlers favorite month? JEW LIE
Why did the frog die? It kermit suicide.
What's the best part of domestic violence jokes? The punchline
What's the best lake to go motorboating? Lake Titicaca
What does a fastidious female call a condom? Goo-be-gone
Girl, are you an ITT Tech degree? Because you're worthless.
Alcohol not only expands the blood vessels but also communications.
Dads are like boomerangs I hope.
Best Joke in League Of League? NA teams
What is the worlds wettest animal? The reindeer
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
My IQ? With google or without?
To quote Balltaire, "Do not wax there!"
What's the most googled word in Mozilla Firefox? Chrome.
Wanna hear three rapid jokes? No.
Autocorrect: Can't live with it, can't live meow it.
Is there a punchline to this chemistry joke? Nobelium
Best Joke ever My life
Free Pussy Riot!
What would romantic living dead movie be called? Zombaes
Why is North Korea horrible? Because they have no Seoul.
this is best joke :D watch it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVHlZkzPiH0
What kind of pants does mario wear? DENIM DENIM DENIM
What is the bird synonymous with abstinence The Swallow
What do you call someone without any shins? Toeknee.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? a rip-off :)
Nobody likes you "100 Calorie Packs." Nobody.
Wanna go to Copenhagen? Amsterdam sure
You know what my new year's resolution is? 1680x1050
What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND-EYEEEEEEEEEEE!
Bill Gates is a good rapper. Word.
Name the pig's favorite Shakespeare play.  Hamlet.
How do you keep idiots in suspense?......
*Getting murdered* omg I have the exact same knives
Why dont Muslims play Dota? Because techies respawns
Jokels: It's a simple joke website. http://jokels.com/
Where do poor meatballs live? In the *spaghetto.*
They say only pedophiles won't get this joke...
How do you get Peekachu on a bus? You Pokemon
Come to Crab's Joe Shack We have Stu.
Mexico's prison system
Clever Life is a Joke. :P
Why does Japan love Obama? He is first Barack president.
What do you call a cow masterbating? Beef strokinoff
If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic.
What secret society do strippers work for? The Illuminaughty.
Did you hear about the logical skunk? It made sense.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin' Catholic.
How did I get out of Iraq? Iran
I don't like working at the IRS It's incredibly taxing
Don't go to the bathroom outside that shit's illegal
What's an SJW's favorite JRPG? Chrono Triggered.
What do you call half a ginger? George.
What do snakes take for their sniffles? Antihissssstamines!
A guy walks into a bar... "Ouch!"
What's the most influental animal rights philosopher? Karl Barx
Who decided to call them "children", and not 'snot machines'.
A German bakers was robbed... Apparently everything was stollen.
I'm Lactose Intolerant, which means I rarely find missing children.
What is a vajazzle made of? Pubic Zirconia.
Two wrongs don't make a right. But three lefts do!
What do you call an intelligent prostitute? A fucking genius!
What does Hitler hate about leg day ? Mein Krampf
How do you make a plumber cry? Kill his family.
What's long and hard and fucks old people? Osteoporosis
Chuck Norris has a roundhouse-kick app for his iPhone 8.0
Where do cows go on Saturday nights? The slaughter house
Cool things always happen when I don't have a camera.
How's your Mom's cherry pie taste? Meh.. It's Oedipal
Have you ever tried North Korean food? [Neither have they](#s)
Tibet and Tiwan REJOICE! Oh, nevermind. Wrong Chyna.
What religious group does reddit belong in? Cat holics
Which fish is the redneck's favorite? A Bearcooter
Food is like dark humor.. Not everyone gets it.
In Canada alcoholics go to EhEh meetings.
Loooooser I am A Looser.  Really You are?
Just when you thought 2016 was over. Wham.
What do you find between Godzilla's toes? Slow runners.
You got the whitest teeth ever come across.
Q: What is hail? A: Hard-boiled rain.
When life gives you lemons... ...you won't get scurvy.
What time did Sean Connery arrive at the Wimbledon? Tennish
99 times out of ten, I'm making shit up.
What goes great with Alphabet Soup? Times New Ramen
The difference between 4Chan and Reddit. http://www.wwwdotcom.com/
You should need a license to be that ugly.
What do you call a Jihad male cow? Abominable
"I'm sorry, is this your wallet?" poapoale&amp;&amp;2&amp;22222
Where did Nicholas II of Russia get his coffee? Tsarbucks.
What's a rabbits' favorite musical? Hare.
Top 4 Adult Jokes Year 2008
Carpenters are only in it for them shelves.
Punctuation is important... A missed period should always raise alarm.
Amber Alert, but for the TV remote
Girls pants are like a cheap hotel... ... no ballroom.
The doctor told me to stay positive I have HIV
What a gay guy's favorite type of medicine A Suppository.
How does Albus get into Hogwarts? Through the Dumble-door
Female Ghostbusters? What about male Charlie's Angels?
Are you Jewish? Because your body's smokin ;)
I secretly love men from Scotland... It's my kilty pleasure.
What do you call a Chinese who drives an airplane?
A man walks into a bar... Ow
what's grey and comes in quarts? an elephant
What's red and silly? A blood clot.
A man walks into a bar and says "OW!"
Why did the chicken cross the road? Hodor
What is Paula Deen's favorite insect? The Butterfly
Where do cats go on vacation? Maui.
Why couldn't Harry play basketball? Because he's got no arms.
What's Mario's favorite fruit? Peach.
Money is the root of all larger amounts of money.
How many moles are in a guacamole? Avacado's number.
It's ok to laugh during sex...just don't point.
What's Irish and never comes inside? Patty O'Furniture.
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Alickalotapuss
What time did Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Around Ten-ish.
accidentally called out my dentist's name during my colonoscopy
What did the Scientologist play on his Wii? Xenublade
So many babies. So little ketchup.
My username is fatatata I am not fatatall
What's the difference between pink and purple? Grip strength.
How Did the Janitor Get Rich? Sweepstakes.
What cooks better than women? Jews.
Most useless fish. Mermaid
What do you call a greedy marsupial? A kangajew
Do it for the vine https://vine.co/v/eu9MOKJaiYi
Im wearing my camouflaged underwear. They'll never see me cuming
What does a Thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll.
What do you call chocolate eggnog? Nignog. Eh? I laughed.
what's the stupidest animal in the jungle The polar bear.
Damn girl are you my dad? Because you're not there
Where does the dentist get his gas?...At the  filling station
What do you call a slutty mermaid? An H2hoe
Knock knock... Who's there?... Tank... Tank who?... You're welcome
When does Sean Connery usually arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish.
Why don't sharks eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
What times does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon? Tennish
What do you call a friendly retard? A sweet potato
Where do you get virgin wool? Ugly sheep.
I wish airplanes flapped their wings and shit on cars
Vibrator factory workers probably check their phones every ten seconds.
What do you call a Mexican church? A Taco bell.
"She wears short skirts, I wear t-shirts." -Romans 1:15
So many good trailers; so few good movies.
what idiot named them diet pills instead of girth control
New Funny jokes             " " :D     2            !!                  ..         :D                            
My shoes were meant for each other They're sole-mates
Newsflash, New Zealand! You're not that new!
Russian jokes time
I think one of my dads might be gay...
Why are catholic priests so Eco-friendly? Zero emissions.
I made a NTP joke once The timing was perfect.
I hate people who take drugs. Like customs officers.
Hillary Clinton is elected president... good one
When Jedi characters get divorced Do they call it deforced?
The evil tongues speak ill. The good tongues give orgasms.
What type of tree hates company? Sycamore trees!
Is it just me... ...or are circles pointless?
Why was the glass-blower forced to retire? He sucked...
Snake walks into a bar. Game over
Respectful Yo Mama Jokes
What was Boaz like before he got married? Ruthless.
What did the Zero say to the Eight? "Nice belt."
What's a sick persons favourite rhythm game? Catarrh Hero
When do cannibals cook you? On Fried-days.
What's the worst kind of T-Shirt? A Casual Tee.
What do fish talk about at work? Current events
My life is like my dick after masturbation Empty.
Dogs can't operate an Mri machines... But catscan
Next week, who's that pokemon? Its jay fuckin garrick.
What do you call Einstein masturbating? A stroke of genius.
A thousand millibar go into a bar... ...
What city will Leo Dicaprio never visit ? Osaka.
A True Nymphomaniac Convention. Everyone came.
Hey girl Wanna party like it's 1982?
Request - Lawyer Jokes
What Do You Call an Overpriced Circumcision? A rip off.
How do you comfort a grammar nazi? Their, they're, there.
Who teaches you how to fart? A tutor.
What's the biggest Jewish conundrum? Free Bacon!
Where does a guru get his sandwiches? New Delhi
I'm not racist I don't even separate my laundry
Why did candycain go to jail? Because he killed Candy-Abel
I childproofed the house... but they still get in!
I thinks it cool when X girlfriend becomes XL girldfriend.
What goes in God's Toilet? Holy crap.
Who's the fax machine player in Skrillex?
Snow's so racist.
what was Michael Jackson favorite kind of movie child pornography
Does killing time damage eternity?
What is hairy and between your grandma's nipples? Her vagina
Where can Sihks and Muslims buy headwear? Turban Outfitters.
You're the unreachable booger of people.
When abroad, James Bond is known as +44 07.
What was the black lab's favorite planet? Earf! Earf!
Tony Abbot Nuff' said
Mary had a little lamb. The event made medical history.
2016 was so divisive. It just had too many factors.
What does a cow measure its harddrive in? Moogabytes
Went to a sausage party It was the wurst.
What makes you think this is my first time?
What streaming site do eldritch horrors use? Cth-Hulu
Lactose intolerance stems from lactose IGNORANCE
What do you call sex on a beach? Intercoarse
Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, he holds air hostage
Jokes on Me - Said Djoke's girlfriend.
I'm having an out-of-money experience.
Jesus walked on water, but Stephen Hawking runs on batteries
A slut is a woman who sleeps with everyone.......
Q: What's green, and sings? A: Elvis Parsley
What's the name of a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash.
Beyonce didn't almost fall everyone else just messed up
Have you ever heard a joke with no punchline?
What disease do basement dweller mosquitos give you? M'laria
What's a feminist's favourite coffee? An oppresso.
Relationship Status: Lurking
You're going to regret thinking of this. Game!
Why did the little boy use his inhaler? "No wheezin'"
I renamed my iPod Titantic It's syncing much better now.
Why is craving karma points ironic? Because it's pointless.
Where did sally go when the bombs dropped? Everywhere
What kind of shoes does Jack Lew wear? Cashews.
My grandma once told me... that she is a virgin
How many Italians can you fit in a bathtub? Don'tworryaboutit.
If you have a dollar.. you're a billionthaire.
What's dry but slippery? A slipper
"Nothing there? Better bark at it." - a dog
What's an Irish seven-course meal? A six-pack and a potato
Why does Godzilla go to temple? because he's a kaiju
What is Forrest Gump's email password? 1forrest1
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwomam? Snowballs
You say "kiss ass," I say "rim job enthusiast."
Today's Favorited tweet is tomorrow's Facebook update.
The world record for enjoying jazz is 48 seconds.
Here's my Bruce Jenner joke I made a joke
What's an amphibian's favorite musician? John Frogerty
What does Bob Marley wear to sleep? pa-jammins
What do you call a midget king? "Your shortness."
What is Snoop Dogg's favorite weather? drizzle.
what do you call a black horse? a neigh-gro
I found a place where recycling rate is 98% Reddit.
Why wasn't the droid hungry? Because BB8
What is orange and sounds like a carrot A carrot
Keep honking. I'm reloading.
Biggest joke in the world am not mental hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
What language do they speak in Cuba ? Cubic !
How To Tell If Your Girlfriend Is Secretly A Minivan
What's brown and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron
What's a mobster porn actress called? Sunny Corleone!
I'm bringing sexy backward.
Gandalf is the new coach of the Seattle Seahawks.
Why do the English drink warm beer? Lucas refrigerators.
What do you call a Gay Jew? A Heblew
What's white, but has a black asshole? The Whitehouse.
Went to Syria last month.. Had a blast.
Chuck Norris got bored of life, so he invented Ebola.
Jokes about German sausages... ...are the Wurst
What was the lonely chemist looking for? AgF
Actions speak louder than Facebook posts...
What do you say after you read a book? reddit!
I'm addicted to prescription glasses - Jay London
In N Out Describes my visit to the Vatican City
What's worse than a worm in your apple? The Holocaust...
How does a Chinese cat say hello? Mi Hao.
MISSED CONNECTION: You were "a woman" & I am "lonely."
"The first million is the hardest" - Adolf Hitler
I got an oven today. It's pretty hot, isn't it?
I self medicate, therefore you live.
[Morgan Freeman narrating my life] "He's still sleeping."
What's a camel? A horse made by committee.
We've all been talking about your paranoia.
A boiled egg in the morning... is hard to beat.
A headbanger guitar is best made of heavy metal
You know what a Rhetorical Joke is?
What do you call someone without arms or legs Matt
Sex_al Harass_ _nt All that's missing is "u" and "me".
"No shit, Sherlock" "Keep digging, Watson"
What kind of cows do you find in Alaska?  Eski-moos!
What does Bill Cosby put in his garden? Rapeseeds.
Sephora is my favorite place to fart.
What did Jamal get for Christmas? Your Bike
Nice weather guys, lets have the internet outside today...
How does Jerry Seinfeld play ice hockey? With his Shtick.
What do you call a black abortion clinic? Crime stoppers
Whoever invented the carpet sweeper probably died laughing.
Christians rethink your religion Because jesus had 2 dads.
What's the capital of Greece? About 10.
What do you call a snake's mother? A boa constructor.
Never trust trees. They're shady.
Knock! Knock.....
What do you call a thick-skinned aardvark? A hardvark!
I requested a wish that money can't buy. MH370
People who don't wash their hands make me sick.
What do you call a dinosaur FBI agent? A pteredacted.
Who is the commander of cheese? Sargento
Yo I am bored
Why are Gametes good at marketing? Sex cells!
What do you call a blasian? A criminal mastermind
What was Albert Einsteins DJ name? MC Squared
What do you call the reasoning behind mexican murderers? Locomotives
What would Inception: The Porno be called? Contraception.
Soccer manager fired for mistake "Whoops wrong sub" - Manager
Donald Trump
What's the saddest sea-creature? abalonely
Straight Outta Compton Spoiler Eazy-E dies
I am Ahmed Mohamed AMA! Wow that blew up fast!
Hear about the lady who backed into a fan? Disaster
How would you rate USA and Saudi Arabia's relationship? 9/11
What do u call a bad jokester? Matteo
What did the broken bridge say? I have truss issues.
My apathy is at an all time whatever.
I got an electric shock yesterday. I couldn't resist it
Why don't blacks celebrate thanksgiving? KFC isnt open on holidays
Here's a good joke... SWAG
What's a cats favorite firearm? A meowser
What's the difference between mad cow disease and PMS? Nothing.
Weird is a side effect of awesome.
The 7 Drug Habits Of High, Ineffective People
Want to hear a joke told backwards? Upvote first.
Ever heard of Black Jesus? I hear he's pretty hung.
What goes great with noodles? COMPANY!
What's the hardest part about skydiving? The ground.
Someone wake up that guy from Green Day.
I have beef- -aroni.
How does Bono spell "color"? With or without "u"
Farts are just the ghosts of the things we eat.
How do you turn soup to gold? Add 24 carrots
Where does a burger feel at home? On the range!
This is why I failed out of collage.
Why was the sand wet? Because the sea-weed
The Flat Earth Society No further comments needed.
what do you call a bear without an ear? **B**
Who discovered Victoria Falls? Whoever tripped her.
Where do snowmen dance? At the snowball!
3 guys walk into a bar... The fourth one ducks.
Fat girls just want to have Funyuns.
"Ummmm..." -Rope, while being tied into a noose
How to avoid clickbait 101 Now you know
Read at own Risk               
To err is human. To errrrrrrr! eerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! errrrrrrrrrrrrr! is racecar.
Being left-handed is unacceptable. It's just not right....
How to seduce a fat person? Piece of cake
What does a cyborg order at a diner? A Cyborger
Caitlyn Jenner has been charged with manslaughter... Bruce is dead.
What did the duck say to the avacado? guac guac
I never get invited to search parties.
How much business does an Amish prostitute get? Ten Mennonite
What do spies say in bed? Shh I'm undercovers
Call me Marquis de Sade Cause I'm a smooth operator
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? Ba na na naaa
What helps put a Jew to sleep? gas
What was Hitler's favorite TV show? The Price is Reich
What kind of tableware do gym trainers use? Pilates
What do you call a gay wizard? A Broromancer
All of the good tweets are either married or gay.
What do you call a dad without jeans? A potato.
My family tree is a cactus, we're all pricks.
What's grey? A melted penguin!
Got my dad today nope nevermind, he ran away again
I wonder if they have WiFi in Hell...
Cat puns freak meowt
Why was Les miserable? He was French.
It's Cultural Appropriation Day.. O wait the Irish aren't Pussies.
Help! I can't post anything on Reddit! Pls help!
Number of ways to start a terrorist attack: 321 BOOM!
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain!
What do you call the Spanish Government? Juan Republic
What do you call a discount circumcision? A rip off.
What is an alcoholic Mexican's favorite book? Tequila Mockingbird
When abroad, James Bond is known as +44 07
What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? Gang rape.
What do you call an old film composer? Hans Zimmer-frame
I work as a dishwasher, Its a pretty dishgusting job.
My cell-mate had nick name for me... Mitochondria.
What's a bear without an ear? A b
Why do aspirins work? Because they're white.
What do you call a gay Asian guy? Rice-a-Roni
What Do You Call A Dog With Wings? Linda McCartney
"Ladies and gents." That concludes our tour of the toilets.
I'd rather break your headboard than your heart.
I have failed math eleventeen times or so.
My favorite thing about Germany the children are kinder
What do you call a gay Jew? A he-blew.
The surprise in the Cracker Jacks box is Diabetes.
The Unemployed Engineer
THE GREATEST JOKE OF ALL TIME YOU...
What's a knife's favorite dessert? Slice cream.
Why did Hillary Clinton cross the road? (probably offensive) 9/11
what is the cruelest joke of all? Your Life.
What's the difference between outlaws and in-laws? Outlaws are wanted.
What do you feed an invisible cat? Evaporated Milk.
Q: What kind of pizza do pilots like? A: Plain.
95% of dentists recommend teeth.
I like my women like i like my steak. Raw
A Jew walks into a bar Mitzvah
I like my women like I like my psychiatrists... Jung.
My first language is condescension. You wouldn't understand it.
Marriage: I gave sex up for this?
Where did mary go after the explosion? Everywhere...
the greatest joke of all time. my life
Hypnotist Error
Stranger: "Excuse me where is the nearest..." Me: "GOOGLE IT!"
where do queers download their illegal software from pirategay
your future
Women who seek to be equal to men...LACK AMBITION!
What kind of yogurt does a skeleton eat? Actibia.
What ethnicity is Santa? North Poleish
What do you call a hypochondriac dinosaur? Tri-serepax.
Broken puppets for sale... No strings attached.
How much do cosmetics sell for? Face value.
Why do spiders hate Area 51? It's a no-fly zone.
What do geeks and nerds love but cant have? 80085
My love life is like magic... Because it dosen't exist
What's a cheese's favorite kind of drug? Amfetamines
Does AT&T; allow phone calls on their network? Anyone know?
What did the chopped wood say to the tree? Run!
I don't like holocaust jokes. Anne Frankly you shouldn't either.
Marijuana may cause paranoia but so does watching CNN.
What do you call Mussolini's flying saucer? A dictator ship.
"Not again" ~ Me, waking up every morning..
World's shortest mathematical joke Let   0
I've got a runny nose. edit: thanks for the cold!
Lobsters gonna lobst.
I hate Simpsons posts! Because I am a family guy.
If our feet had mouths then they'd be walkie talkies.
What comes after a 69?
Apparently this Walmart cashier only brushes her favorite teeth.
Groot asks a man for help, the man says... "Hodor".
I feel like I forgot something today... ...shit, *the oven!*
Porsche did 911
Bruce Willis is never content with how hard he dies.
What's a feminist's favorite subject? Trigger-nometry
"That's so Raven" - Raven Symone's parents identify her body.
Seven days on a honeymoon make one hole weak
tifu by posting to the wrong subreddit...
A missing joke If found please pm me.
What's 9+10? 21 pairs of Deez Nuts
Knock Knock! Who's there? Frank Sinatra! Frank Sinatra who? Seriously?
Date: I like old-fashioned guys Me: *dies of polio*
Life; It's all about finding the next good time.
What is 667? The neighbor of the beast.
What's better than honor? Inner
My bologna has a first name... ... it's m-o-o-n.
What's gray and comes in quarts? An elephant.
I haven't showered since last year. It's still 2014, right?
Why aren't midgets attention whores? Cause they know they're important.
Where does poor spaghetti live? The spaghetto
Pigs CAN fly... They just gotta pay for two seats.
Yeah, you like getting choked don't you!? oops wrong sub...
What did 0 say to 1? You're turning me on
PWND! FIRST!!
I have sex daily. I mean, dyslexia! Fcuk
My grandma can't wrestle But you should see her box.
Relationships are easier if one of you is a cake.
I run faster horny than you do scared.
I just had a baby! It was delicious.
Paralegal activity. #BoringHorrorMovies
a guy walks into a bar.. ouch*
5 out of 4 people don't get jokes about fractions.
Which insect didn't play well in goal? The fumble bee!
Promoting religious concepts is a sin
Love songs are liars.
Why don't dinosaurs take ballet lessons? They outgrew their leotards.
What's a sucker's favorite drink? Punch
What do you call a fresh creme pie? Creme fraiche
What do you call a small wardrobe? A battledrobe.
What kind of soda do dogs drink? Barq's Root beer.
a:1:{s:7:"retweet";i:1;}
What's the most popular sport in Mexico? Cross-country.
The Walking Dead is Jesus's favorite show.
What is Whitney Houston's favorite kind of coordination? HAAAAND EEEEEEYYYYYEEEEE!!!!!
What's a transgender's fabourite pokemon? Unknown
My internet connection.
Two envelopes had a baby It was male
What do you call your Mexican crush? Juan Andonle
Maybe the back door is the wrong door. -Hillary Clinton
I'm a real Renaissance Woman (riddled with plague)
Sex so vanilla Baskin-Robbins names an ice cream after it.
Movie theater employees have 2 ages: 17 104
Take revenge, crap on a pigeon.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese!
How do you get a nun pregnant? You fuck her
What do you call friendship between punctuation? Commaraderie
Excuses are like assholes... Fuck 'em
Where do electricians get supplies? The Ohm Depot.
What do you call a tranny mailman? She-mail
How come know-it-alls don't know how annoying they are?
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre.
What's brown and rhymes with snoop? Dr. Dre!
Where do muslims go when they die? Everywhere.
Want to hear a joke? Pussy.
Why don't you tell us what's really wrong, loud sneezers?
How do you confuse a straight person? LGBTQ+
Java programmers do it with... class.
Your proctologist called. He found your head.
Wanna read a Joke? Women's Rights
What does a Muslim with allergies say? Al-achoo Akbar.
I invented a new word today... Plagiarism.
I dont trust atoms... I heard they make up everything.
What do you call your grandma on speed dial? Instragram!
What do you call a magical dwarf? A midgetcian!
MAST JOKES:      NICE JOKES HERE http://mastjoks.blogspot.in/2013/01/blog-post_6225.html#.UQPwWr-kpkg
What's Hitler's least favorite planet? Jewpiter.
What do you call a dating service for lumberjacks? Timbr
Text your friends but leave voicemails for your enemies.
Why couldn't Mozart find his mentor? Because he was Haydn
she wants the D (director's cut)
Have you seen www.tomatosauce.com? No I'll ketchup with it later.
Why did Sodium Chloride get arrested? Assault.
Joke my life
You know what's the biggest turn off for me? Consent.
How does Twitch (Streaming Site) Chat make money? Kappatalism!
How many X does it take to lightbulb? Karma?
What do you call a Communist Mexican? A Gaucho Marxist
In what direction do five gay guys walk? One Direction
I'm even late for work when I work from home
My cross fit application was was rejected Bad form
What do you call pickled bread? Dill Dough
What's got 90 balls and screws old women? BINGO!
To the guy who invented Zero: Thanks for nothing!
X is An Independent Variable That don't need no Y.
What type of tea do babies drink? Tit tea 
What do you call a laughing labradoodle? A snickerdoodle.
You know why half a joke isn't funny?
Any ship can be a minesweeper once...
How to you call midget intercourse ? Microtransaction
Where do you get a drink on Excel? ....Formula bar
Why was 10 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9.
*donates body to science* Science: "I have a boyfriend"
I kid you not. -Condom wearers
How do depressed people lighten' up? They drink bleach.
If Dracula was gay... ...he'd be a fruit bat.
What is a lesbians favorite day of the week? Tuesday
They only arrested Justin Bieber cause he's black.
A Mexican plays uno, And steals all the green cards..
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
BREAKING NEWS Ne ws
What Roman dictator suffered from Epilepsy? Julius Seizure.
What hood was the Swedish cholo from? StockHOLMES!
How do gay people float? Flambuoyancy.
How do French girls hold their liquor? By the ears
i bet today is the most confusing day in harlem!
What's a space pirate's favorite planet? mArrrs!
What is Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
When bae starts to age... She turns beige.
Which drink makes a Gorilla feel tipsy? An ape-ricot sour!
What do africans eat for breakfast? A bowl'a cereal
What was Bruce Lee's favorite hotel? HYATT!!!
Why is unemployment rising in Jamaica? Because they're jahbless!
What's the best part of divorce? Two Kwanzaas
Guess what... Chicken butt!
What kind of dog can tell time? A clockshund!
Why aren't marriage prevention hotlines a thing?
What is successful but always beat? Rihanna
What do you call tree porn? Entai.
Statistics. Studies show that almost 213% of statistics are inaccurate.
How does a psychiatrist like his sausages? Freud
What do you call a showoff Texan? *Austin*tatious.
Australians don't have sex... Australians mate.
The Dark Knight Rises.....a porn title that requires no alterations.
Follow your dreams, into traffic.
If you play jazz backwards, you get slightly better jazz.
why Ed doesn't have a girlfriend? Cause sheeran.
What's the opposite of Cristopher Walken... Cristopher reeve.
What type of weed does a reptile smoke? Mariiguana
What's a politicians favorite kind of dance move? Poll dancing!
What do you call an unfinished Tennis match? Wimble-not-don :D
why did the snowman smile? He saw the snowblower coming
How do hobbit flowers grow? Through Frodo-synthesis.
Free will is good, but free pizza is better.
What is Mike Tyson's favorite song? Down With The Thickness.
What's the leading cause of obesity in women? Wedding rings
Satan's not all bad. He's an equal opportunity employer.
What do you call a crazy train A loco-motive
I discovered the number one reason OP never delivers. #
Knock knock Come in Sorry 
Working title for the new Tyler Perry movie? Alex Crossdresser
Rose petals? Next time scatter something I can eat.
"Is there really a fire? Prove it." -Mrs. Doubtfire
Where do you hide an airport? IN PLANE SIGHT!
What is every bodybuilder's favorite city? Gainsboro.
Confucius says... Confucius says: Learn to masturbate, come in handy.
I saw the funniest joke... Your life.
You have a life
What type of vegetable is only kinda awesome? A radish
What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli.
Nicki Minaj is probably my favorite Dr. Seuss character.
Knock knock.. Come in!
Saying "excape "makes me wanna stab you in the "exophagus".
What do you call data on a Pediatricians computer? Pedi-files
What is Godzilla's favorite fruit? Squash.
What do you call a group of fundamentalist mathematicians? Al-Gebra
Why couldnt the laptop see? Cause it was SoDIMM
If you sit beside me, you're part of my drumkit.
What do you call a good looking tractor? Attractor
Everyone is normal until you find their Twitter.
How do memes go to the proms? In a lmaosine
I never drop names but I frequently drop babies.
conjunctivitis.com Now that's a sight for sore eyes.
My best friend's a rocking chair... ...we go way back.
Wanna hear a Nirvana joke? Nevermind.
What is blue and smells like red paint? blue paint
What are some funny offensive jokes? Title
Who punishes Colorado underage smokers? COPD
Cat: Grrrrrplukk...Grrrrrplukk...Grrrrrplukk...Grrrrrplukk... **Coughs up hairball** Dog: You gonna eat that?
What do you call a moari terrorist? Geeee, hard!
Why don't ants go to church? Because they are insects.
How do you study for a prostate exam? By cramming.
"Blow me." -Soup.
Thanks phone, for being strong every time I dropped you.
What did the apple tell the annoying orange? Citrus down.
Misleading title Bad punchline
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
What gives you uncontrollable gas? Nazis
A guy's ego.
What do you call a speeding vegetable? Michael Schumacher.
Who was the nose's favorite Christian mystic? Nostrildamus
What will be served at Trump's inagural dinner? Crackers.
I have no problem admitting that you made a mistake.
The door is not ajar. It's a door, silly!
What is Germany's favorite game? Mein Kampf
Whiteboards are just the best In fact, they're remarkable
What do beef hearts smell like? Honey.
Romantic Remembrance by Valentine Card
Energizer Bunny arrested! Charged with battery.
Sadly, the days of people using proper English are went.
I think I'm indecisive... but I'm not really sure.
I bought a smart TV It doesn't show Trump
Obamacare.
A man walks into a bar. *"Son-of-a-bitch!"*
All conclusions should be drawn in crayon.
Grab your taco, You've pulled a dyslexic Mexican.
You know what Forest Gumps WiFi password is? 1Forest1
Girl anatomy jokes are not funny period.
How Long is a Chinaman
I cracked a beer at 9:11 this morning... Too soon?
Help, my anus is trying to kill me!
How do you make a space party? You planet.
How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges?
Why is it called Big Bang? Baby universe was born.
What does a dog from Minnesota say? Woof da.
A republican posts in /r/politics...
Ear sex is dangerous... ...it fucks with your head
Have you seen www.hook.com? Yes it's already caught my eye.
what do you call a chav in a box? innit.
What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grraaaiinns
What do you call a gay herbal doctor? A homeosexual.
What do some burger eaters have? A Hardee appetite!
A chihuahua is just a barking cat.
What is a caterpillar scared of? A dogapillar
Do dolphins have tattoos of single mothers on their arses?
Early to bed, early to rise makes people suspicious.
How do you get rid of a Reddit admin? Chooter
How did the elephant get out of the river? Wet
The KKK adopted a higway Jokes on them, it's black
How is medusa like weed? She makes people stoned.
Your make-up application says "I failed Clown College".
How do you get a witch pregnant? Ya fuck her.
A tax collector dies and goes to heaven
What happened after the wheel was invented a revolution
Why is chess confusing in Australia? "That's check, mate."
Evolution: True science fiction.
Pix and Misc - Teacher win [pic]
What's worse than dropping your ice cream? The Holocaust.
You're either a dog person or a non person.
What does an amoeba call its friend? Cell mate.
Can someone just invent a mirror that takes pictures already!
Long, satanic walks on the beach.
What is God's favorite guitar chord? Gsus
Don't trust people that are constipated They're full of shit
You deserve a handjob from Edward Scissorhands.
What game do monsters play with humans? Squash.
What is Trump's favorite disney movie? Wall-E
No pants were worn during the making of this tweet.
What's a Latino pornstar's favorite flavor profile? Umami. (Ooooooooh, mami.)
What is the sun's favourite kind of food? Sol food
My New Year's Resolution 1080p
What do you call Nitrogen after the sunrises? Daytrogen.
What, me? Lazy? Don't get me started.
Jesus Saves.... Moses invests.
What do gay horses eat? Heeeeeyyyyyyy
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister's chin
Who's the opposite of Willem Dafoe? Willem DaFriend.
What is a chemists favourite type of music? Heavy Metals.
/r/Jokes just surpassed /r/AskReddit in users! I lie...
I am trisexual I'll tri sex with anyone
What's Black &amp; Rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
Whats brown and rhymes with Snoop? Poop
Strap-on backwards spells No-parts.
Two word joke Dwarf shortage
What was Hitler's favorite letter? Not z!
What's E.T short for? He's got little legs
Biography of a voyeur He came, he saw, he came
What's ISIS's favourite song? Niggas in Paris
Crabs are amazing collectivistic creatures; they only use pubic transportation.
OMG! It's colder than a pimps heart out here!
Canada's navy
I used to have a friend who practiced acupuncture.
At my funeral I want a dozen doves recaptured.
What is a gay jew's favourite bank? Goldman Sach's
I'm not racist, but... &gt;[deleted]
All of the other reindeer were secretly watching red-nose-on-regular-nose porn.
Once you go black... ...you're a single mother
What do black people get after death? Nigger Mortis
What do you call a Kryptonian who loves popcorn? Kern-el
Have you ever imagined a world with no  hypothetical situations?
Why are Jews so good at making action movies? Shlo-mo.
The Spicy Sausage by Delia Katessen

